Closing Disclosure
This form is a statement of final loan terms and closing costs. Compare this document with your Loan Estimate.
Closing Information		Transaction Information		Loan Information	
Date Issued	09/04/2024	Borrower	- -	.oan Term	30 years
Closing Date	09/04/2024			3urpose	Purchase
Disbursement Date	09/04/2024			Product	Fixed Rate
Settlement Agent	Worth National Title Agency LLC DBO			Loan Type	0 Conventional PlFHA
File#	CB-11697-TS	Seller	Our Country Homes LLC d/b/a Our		□ VA □
Property	5981 Hudson Sail Circle		Country Homes 5981 Hudson Sail Circle	Loan ID #	7505337
	Fort Worth, TX 76179		Fort Worth, TX 76179	MIC#	
Sale Price	$1,600,000.00	Lender	Acra Lending		
r Loan Terms	Can this amount increase after closing?	
Loan Amount	$1,440,000	NO
Interest Rate	8.999%	NO
Monthly Principal & Interest See Projected Payments below for your Estimated Total Monthly Payment	$11,585.53	NO
		Does the loan have these features?
Prepayment Penalty		NO
Balloon Payment	NO	
r Projected Payments			
Payment Calculation	Years 1-30		
Principal & Interest		$11,585.53	
Mortgage Insurance Estimated Escrow Amount can increase over time		+ 0.00 +	2,468.58	
Estimated Total Monthly Payment	$14,054.11		
Estimated Taxes, Insurance & Assessments Amount can increase over time See Page 4 for details	$2,612.58 a month	This estimate includes:	In escrow? 0 Property Taxes	YES 0 Homeowner's Insurance	YES 0 Other:Association Dues	NO See Escrow Account on page 4 for details. You must pay for other property costs separately.	
f Costs at Closing		
Closing Costs	$71,182.65	Includes $41,441.16 in Loan Costs + $44,541.49 in Other Costs - $14,800.00 in Lender Credits. See page 2 for details.
Cash to Close	$167,406.36	Includes Closing Costs. See Calculating Cash to Close on page 3 for details.
Closing Cost Details
t Loan Costs	Borrower-Paid At Closing	Before Closing		Seller-Paid At Closing	Before Closing		Paid by Others
A. Origination Charges	$32,050.00				
01	% of Loan Amount (Points)					
02 Mortgage Broker Fee	$28,800.00				
03 Processing Fee	$1,500.00				
04 Underwriting Fee	$1,750.00				
05					
06					
07			r		
B. Services Borrower Did Not Shop For	$256.50				
01 Credit Report Fee	to Factual Data	$106.50				
02 Doc Preparation Fee	to Polunskv Beitel Green LLP	$150.00				
03					
04					
05			_		
06					
07					
C. Services Borrower Did Shop For	$9,134.66				
01 Title - Document Preparation	to The McKnight Title	$175.00		$250.00 i		
02 Title - Document Service Fee	to The McKnight Title	$11.00		|		
03 Title - Electronic Recording Fee	to The McKnight Title	$10.66				
04 Title - Endorsement Fee to Worth Nationl Title Agency, LLC DBA McKnight Title	$449.00		L		
05 Title - Lender Coverage to Worth Nationl Title Agency, LLC DBA McKnight Title	$7,480.00		1		
06 Title - Notary Fee to Worth Nationl Title Agency, LLC DBA McKnight Title	$300.00		j		
07 Title - Overnight Fee to Worth Nationl Title Agency, LLC DBA McKnight Title	$25.00				
08 Title - Settlement Agent Fee to Worth National Title Agency LLC DBO McKniqht Ti	$595.00		{		
09 Title - Tax Certificate Fee to Worth Nationl Title Agency, LLC DBA McKnight Title	$85.00		.		
10 Title - TX Guaranty Fee to Worth Nationl Title Agency LLC DBA McKniqht Title	$4.00		I		
D. TOTAL LOAN COSTS (Borrower-Paid)	$41,441.16				
Loan Costs Subtotals (A + B + C)	$41,441,161		... .... 	1 _ 			
Other Costs
E. Taxes and Other Government Fees	$128.00				
01 Recording Fees	Deed: Mortgage:$128.00	$128.00!		1 '		
02	f				
F. Prepaids	$18,762.81				
01 Homeowner’s Insurance Premium ( 12 mo.) to State Farm Lloyds			$6,794.00	f	1		
02 Mortgage Insurance Premium ( mo.)					
03 Prepaid Interest ( $359.96 per day from 09/04/2024 to 10/01/2024)	$9,718.92				
04 Property Taxes ( mo.)					
05 Flood Insurance (12 mo.) to Neptune Flood Insurance	$2,249.89				
G. Initial Escrow Payment at Closing	$23,047.62				
01 Homeowner's Insurance	$	566.17 per month for 4 mo.	$2,264.68			r	
02 Mortgage Insurance				r~	
03 Property Taxes	$ 1,714.92 per month for 13 mo.	$22,293.96		f		
04 Flood Insurance	$	187.49 per month for 4 mo.	$749.96				
05					
06			r		
07			r		
08 Aggregate Adjustment	-$2,260.98		r		
H. Other	$2,603.06				
01 HOA Capital Reserve/lmprovement to The Resort at Eagle Mountain Lake HOA	$1,000.00			“ ' T		
02 HOA Current Dues to The Resort at Eagle Mountain Lake HOA			$575.39		
03 HOA Transfer Fee to Essex Association Management, L.P	$350.00				
04 Home Warranty	to Builder Backed Service Proqram					$95.00	
05 RE Commission to Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Premier Properties			$46,800.00		
06 Settlement Fee - Seller to Worth National Title Agency LLC DBO McKniqht Title			$595,001		
07 Survbey Fee, Plot Plan	to CBG Surveying Texas, LLC	$460.06				
08 Title - Owner's Title Policy (optional) to Worth National Title Aqencv LLC DBO Mck	$793.00				
i. TOTAL OTHER COSTS (Borrower-Paid)	$44,541.49				
Other Costs Subtotals (E + F + G + H)	$44,541,491		.	_ J		1					
J. TOTAL CLOSING COSTS (Borrower-Paid)	$71,182.65		
Closing Costs Subtotals (D + 1)	$85,982,651	$48,220.39!	$95.00	
Lender Credits (Includes $150.00 credit for increase in Closing Costs above legal limit)	-$14,800,001	|	
f Calculating Cash to Close	Use this table to see what has changed from your Loan Estimate.		
	Loan Estimate	Final	Did this change?
Total Closing Costs (J)	$68,994.00	$71,182.65	YES • See Total Loan Costs (D) and Total Other Costs (I) • Increase exceeds legal limits by $150.00, See Lender Credits on page 2 for credit of excess amount.
Closing Costs Paid Before Closing	$0	$0	NO
Closing Costs Financed (Paid from your Loan Amount)	$0	$0	NO
Down Payment/Funds from Borrower	$160,000.00	$160,000.00	NO
Deposit	-$10,000,00	-$10,000.00	NO
Funds for Borrower	$0	$0	NO
Seller Credits	-$40,000.00	-$40,000.00	NO
Adjustments and Other Credits	$0	-$13,776.29	YES • See details in Sections K and L
Cash to Close	$178,994.00	$167,406.36	
;	use this table to see a summary of your transaction.					
BORROWER'S TRANSACTION			SELLER'S TRANSACTION		
K. Due from Borrower at Closing		$1,671,351.40	M. Due to Seller at Closing		$1,600,168.75
01 Sale Price of Property		$1,600,000.00	01 Sale Price of Property		$1,600,000.00
02 Sale Price of Any Personal Property Included in Sale			02 Sale Price of Any Personal Property Included in Sale		
03 Closing Costs Paid at Closing (J)		$71,182.65	03		
04			04		
Adjustments			05		
05			06		
06			07		
07			08		
Adjustments for Items Paid by Seller in Advance			Adjustments for Items Paid by Seller in Advance		
08 City/Town Taxes	to		09 City/Town Taxes	to	
09 County Taxes	to		10 County Taxes	to	
10 Assessments	to		11 Assessments	to	
11 HOADues	9/4/24 to 10/1/24	$168.75	12 HOADues	9/4/24 to 10/1/24	$168.75
12	to		13	to	
13	to		14	to	
14	to		15	to	
15	to		16	to	
L. Paid Already by or on Behalf of Borrower at Closing		$1,503,945.04	N. Due from Seller at Closing		$783,284.68
01 Deposit		$10,000.00	01 Excess Deposit		
02 Loan Amount		$1,440,000.00	02 Closing Costs Paid at Closing (J)		$48,220.39
03 Existing Loan(s) Assumed or Taken Subject to			03 Existing Loan(s) Assumed or Taken Subject to		
04			04 Payoff of First Mortgage Loan		$671,794.01
05 Seller Credit		$40,000.00	05 Payoff of Second Mortgage Loan		
Other Credits			06		
06			07		
07			08 Seller Credit		$40,000.00
Adjustments			09 Earnest Money held by Seller		$10,000.00
08			10		
09			11		
10			12		
11			13		
Adjustments for Items Unpaid by Seller			Adjustments for Items Unpaid by Seller		
12 City/Town Taxes	1/1/24 to 9/4/24	$13,945.04*	14 City/Town Taxes	1/1/24 to 8/23/24	$13,270.28
13 County Taxes	to		15 County Taxes	to	
14 Assessments	to		16 Assessments	to	
15	to		17	to	
16	to		18	to	
17	to		19	to	
CALCULATION			CALCULATION		
Total Due from Borrower at Closing (K)		$1,671,351.40	Total Due to Seller at Closing (M)		$1,600,168.75
Total Paid Already by or on Behalf of Borrower at Closing (L)		-$1,503,945.04	Total Due from Seller at Closing (N)		-$783,284.68
Cash to Close	|7| From	7] To Borrower	$167,406.36	Cash 7] From	[7] To Seller	$816,884.07
Additional Information About This Loan
No Escrow		
Estimated Property Costs over Year 1		Estimated total amount over year 1. You must pay these costs directly, possibly in one or two large payments a year.
Escrow Waiver Fee		
0 will not have an escrow account because 0you declined it 0your lender does not offer one. You must directly pay your property costs, such as taxes and homeowner’s insurance. Contact your lender to ask if your loan can have an escrow account.
Assumption
If you sell or transfer this property to another person, your lender □ will allow, under certain conditions, this person to assume this loan on the original terms.
0 will not allow assumption of this loan on the original terms.
Demand Feature
Your loan
HU has a demand feature, which permits your lender to require early repayment of the loan. You should review your note for details.
0 does not have a demand feature.
Late Payment
If your payment is more than 15 days late, we will charge a late fee of 5% of the principal and interest portion of your payment.
Negative Amortization (Increase in Loan Amount)
Under your loan terms, you
0 are scheduled to make monthly payments that do not pay all of the interest due that month. As a result, your loan amount will increase (negatively amortize), and your loan amount will likely become larger than your original loan amount. Increases in your loan amount lower the equity you have in this property.
HU may have monthly payments that do not pay all of the interest due that month. If you do, your loan amount will increase (negatively amortize), and, as a result, your loan amount may become larger than your original loan amount. Increases in your loan amount lower the equity you have in this property.
0 do not have a negative amortization feature.
Partial Payments
Your lender
0 may accept payments that are less than the full amount due (partial payments) and apply them to your loan.
0 may hold them in a separate account until you pay the rest of the payment, and then apply the full payment to your loan.
0 does not accept any partial payments.
If this loan is sold, your new lender may have a different policy.
Security Interest
You are granting a security interest in
5981 Hudson Sail Circle
Fort Worth, TX 76179
You may lose this property if you do not make your payments or
satisfy other obligations for this loan.
Escrow Account For now, your loan
0 will have an escrow account (also called an “impound” or “trust” account) to pay the property costs listed below. Without an escrow account, you would pay them directly, possibly in one or two large payments a year. Your lender may be liable for penalties and interest for failing to make a payment.
Escrowed Property Costs over Year 1	$29,622.96	Estimated total amount over year 1 for your escrowed property costs: Homeowner's Insurance, Property Taxes
Non-Escrowed Property Costs over Year 1	$1,728.00	Estimated total amount over year 1 for your non-escrowed property costs: Association Dues You may have other property costs.
Initial Escrow Payment	$23,047.62	A cushion for the escrow account you pay at closing. See Section G on page 2.
Monthly Escrow Payment	$2,468.58	The amount included in your total monthly payment.
Escrow
In the future,
Your property costs may change and, as a result, your escrow payment may change. You may be able to cancel your escrow account, but if you do, you must pay your property costs directly. If you fail to pay your property taxes, your state or local government may (1) impose fines and penalties or (2) place a tax lien on this property. If you fail to pay any of your property costs, your lender may (1) add the amounts to your loan balance, (2) add an escrow account to your loan, or (3) require you to pay for property insurance that the lender buys on your behalf, which likely would cost more and provide fewer benefits than what you could buy on your own.
Loan Disclosures
Total of Payments.Total you will have paid after you make all payments of principal, interest, mortgage insurance, and loan costs, as scheduled.	$4,221,799.53
Finance Charge. The dollar amount the loan will cost you.	$2,773,764.03
Amount Financed.The loan amount available after paying your upfront finance charge.	$1,397,025.42
Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Your costs over the loan term expressed as a rate. This is not your interest rate.	9.341%
Total Interest Percentage (TIP).The total amount of interest that you will pay over the loan term as a percentage of your loan amount.	190.313%
Loan Calculations
m
Questions? If you have questions about the loan terms or costs on this form, use the contact information below. To get more information or make a complaint, contact the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau at www.consumerfinance.gov/mortgage-closing
Other Disclosures
Appraisal
If the property was appraised for your loan, your lender is required to give you a copy at no additional cost at least 3 days before closing. If you have not received it yet, please contact your lender at the information listed below.
Contract Details
See your note and security instrument for information about •what happens If you fail to make your payments,
•what Is a default on the loan,
• situations In which your lender can require early repayment of the loan, and
•the rules for making payments before they are due.
Liability after Foreclosure
If your lender forecloses on this property and the foreclosure does not cover the amount of unpaid balance on this loan,
0 state la w may protect you from liability for the unpaid balance. If you refinance or take on any additional debt on this property, you may lose this protection and have to pay any debt remaining even after foreclosure. You may want to consult a lawyer for more Information. □ state law does not protect you from liability for the unpaid balance.
Refinance
Refinancing this loan will depend on your future financial situation, the property value, and market conditions. You may not be able to refinance this loan.
Tax Deductions
If you borrow more than this property is worth, the interest on the loan amount above this property's fair market value is not deductible from your federal income taxes. You should consult a tax advisor for more information,
I-y Name	Lender ; S Citadel Servicing Corporation Dba Acra Lending	Mortgage Broker Callvcr Beach Mortgage llC	Real Estate Broker (B)	Real Estate Broker (S)	Settlement Agent J Worth National Title Agency LLC DboMcKnlght Title
Address	3 Ada Parkway, Suite 200A, Irvine, CA92618	500 Redland Court Suite 300, Owings Mills, MD 21117			4916 Camp Bowie Blvd, Fort Worth, TX 76107
NMLSID	144549	1434247			
TX License ID	None	NA			1877317
Contact		Drew Hittner Hittner			Tammy Stone
Contact NMLS ID Contact TX License ID		1722921 None			1885757-770883
Email	ervink@ caliverbeach.com	drewh@ caliverbeach.com			tammystone® mcknighttitle.com
Phone					(817)228-2461
Contact Information
Confirm Receipt
Bv sianino. vou are onlv rnnfirminn that uou have received this form. You do not have to accept this loan because you have signed or received
Date
RETURN TO: BBSP
BUILDER BACKED
SERVICE PROGRAM
P.O. Box 4415251 Aurora, CO 80044-1525 | phone 800.488.8844
BUILDER BACKED SERVICE PROGRAM APPLICATION FOR HOME ENROLLMENT
The undersigned Builder Member of the Builder Backed Service Program submits this home enrollment application in the Builder Backed Service Program for the home located at the address listed below. If all enrollment requirements are not completed on the new home, this application will be denied. The Builder must send, or have his closing agent send, the original of this Home Enrollment application and a check for full payment to Builder Backed Service Program® (BBSP). If BBSP has received this Home Enrollment and full payment, the Buyer will receive the Warranty Validation Certificate within 30 days from BBSP. If the buyer has not received the Warranty Validation Certificate from BBSP (within THIRTY (30) days after closing), YOU SHOULD CONTACT YOUR BUILDER.
1.	Buyer(s): As recorded on deed.
Buyer(s) E		 Buyer(s) Phone: (702) 266-6358	
Lot/Block		Subdivision:^6 RsSOft	•
Address of Home: 5981 Hudson Sail Cr.	Fort Worth TX	76179	
ADDRESS	cm	STATE	ZIP
Alternate Mailing Address:	
ADDRESS	Cm	STATE	ZIP
2.	Builder/Seller Name:QCH Enterprises, LLC	2-10 HBW Member No: 8808-0838
3.	Effective Date of Warranty: Provide dates for each.
Date of Closing: 8/23/2024	Date of First Occupancy by Anyone: 8/23/2024	
CONDOMINIUMS ONLY: Effective date of Common Elements Coverage is the date title is transferred on the first unitin the building. Specify date:	No common elements coverage will be provided unless all units in a building are enrolled.
4.	Coverage: Both the Builder and Buyer(s) must check and initial below as the following coverage(s) apply to the unit being enrolled.
0a.	1-Year Workmanship / 2-Year Distribution Systems / 6-Year Structural Coverage
□B	 _ "Indiana Only" 2-Year Workmanship / 2-Year Systems/4-Year Roof/Structural
□c.	"Florida Only" 3-Year Workmanship / 3-Year Systems/Structural (for multi-family only)
5.	Type of Home: IZlsingle Family Detached D Single Family - Duplex, Town home, Condo
1,600,000.00	+1,000 =	1,600.00	X	95.00	=	95.00
Final Sales Price				Rate		Total Warranty Fee Not to exceed $250
6. Rate Formula
BUYER'S ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND CONSENT
Buyer(s) Signatures Buyer(s) Signatures.
Date:0
Date:	
OFFICE USE ONLY
Warranty#: PND TX406008
BUILDER/SELLER'S AUTHORIZED SIGNATURE:
Alisha Mclntyre/70.118.115.194 08/19/2024
Date:
8/19/2024
Your Builder is applying to enroll your home in the Builder Backed Service Program. By signing below, you acknowledge that you have read a copy ofthe BBSP Warranty Booklet, and CONSENTTOTHETERMS OFTHESE DOCUMENTS INCLUDINGTHE BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION contained therein. You further understand that when the warranty is issued on your new home, it is an Express Limited Warranty. If this form is received more than 12 months after closing, you agree to accept Structural Coverage only.
fifi MCKNIGHT
tmJM T I T L E
TAX PRORATION AGREEMENT
Date:	September 4,2024
GF Number:	CB-11697-TS
Property Address:	5981 Hudson Sail Circle, Fort Worth, TX 76179
In connection with the captioned property, the undersigned hereby give recognition of the following facts regarding the ad valorem taxes
and/or subdivision maintenance fees:
(1)	The proration of such fees used in the closing was based on thefollowing annual amounts:
PROPERTY TAX TOTAL	$20,579.01
(2)	Should the actual tax figures for the year prorated prove to be different, resulting in the necessity for adjustment, the undersigned agree and consent to make appropriate adjustments between themselves, and MCKNIGHTTITLE shall have no responsibility in this regard.
(3)	The seller recognizes their responsibility for all taxes prior to the date of closing the subject transaction. Should it develop later, that taxes other than those collected at closing are due for prior years, Seller agrees to make full setdementto MCKNIGHTTITLE.
(4)	The purchaser recognizes their responsibility for current years taxes. Further, PURCHASER AGREES TO CONTACT ALLTAXINGAUTHORITIES TO NOTIFY THEM OF THE CHANGE IN THE OWNERSHIP OF SUBJECT PROPERTY TO ASSURE PROPER RECEIPT OF FUTURETAX NOTICES.
(5)	Property taxes for the current year have been prorated between Buyer and Seller, who each acknowledge understanding that these proratlons are based either on tax amounts for the preceding year or on estimates of the appraised value and/or estimated tax rates for the current year. Buyer and Seller each agree that, when amounts of the current year's taxes become known and payable (on or about October 1st), they will adjust any matters of re-proration and reimbursement between themselves, and thatTitle Company shall have no further liability or obligation with respect to these prorations. However, in the event of any conflict between this paragraph and the contract betweenBuyer and Seller, the contract will control.
(1)	If the property taxes on the above referenced property are assessed with an over 65 exemption and the buyer is not entitled to this exemption, the taxing authorities are authorized by law to remove the exemption and assess the taxes at the non-exempt rate. The taxing authorities may send a supplemental tax bill assessing the current year's taxes without the exemption. BUYER ACKNOWLEDGES SOLE RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE PAYMENT OF AND THAT THE TITLE COMPANY SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY OR OBLIGATION WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUPPLEMENTAL TAX BILL. Further, unless instructed otherwise by the lender, the escrow (if any) was established using calculations based on the most recently available tax amounts, with the exemption. Therefore, the lendermay, once the new tax amounts are established, adjust the Buyer's escrow payment to reflect the increased tax amount.
SELLER:
Our Country Homes, LLC, a limited liability company
By: OCH Enterprises, LLC, a Texas limited liability
company, its Sole Member	BUYER:
By:	
Pam Robleski, Controller
MCKNIGHT

T I T L E
SALE/PURCHASE CLOSING AFFIDAVIT
GF Number: CB-11697-TS Purchasers]
Seller(s): Our Country Homes, LLC
Property: 5981 Hudson Sail Circle, Fort Worth, TX 76179
By initialing one or more of the following items as may be appropriate for this transaction, each Seller and/or Buyer acknowledges understanding of the disclosures being made by Title Company and affirms the representations made to them by Title Company as indicated. Each such disclosure or representation may jointly benefit both McKnight Title Company and its underwriter. Singular reference to Seller and Buyer Includes multiple individuals/entities identified above.
Any item not applying to this transaction may be crossed out.
WAIVER OF INSPECTION: You may refuse to accept an exception to "Rights of Parties in Possession" in the Owner’s Title Policy to be issued. "Rights of Parties in Possession" means one or more persons who are themselves actually physically occupying the Property. Title Company may require an inspection and may charge for reasonable and actual costs to inspect. Title Company may make additional exceptions for matters the inspection reveals. If you Initial this paragraph, you waive Inspection of the Property and you accept the exception In your Owner's Title Policy.
RECEIPT OF TITLE COMMITMENT: You acknowledge having received and reviewed a Copy of the Title Commitment, and a copy of the instruments which evidence the exceptions indicated In Schedule B, issued in connection with this transaction and you understand that your Owner's Title Policy will contain the exceptions set forth in Schedule B of the Title Commitment, and any additional exceptions to title resulting from the documents Involved in this transaction.
ATTORNEY REPRESENTATION NOTICE: Scott McKnight has represented the Title Company In the preparation of legal documents for use in closing the above-referenced transaction. While I have acted solely on behalf of the Title Co., the buyers, and the sellers, acknowledge that the legal fees incurred In preparing the legal documents will be paid by the buyers or the sellers even though I have not In any manner undertaken to assist or render legal advice to the buyers or the sellers, except in the preparation of the legal documents.
The buyers and the sellers further acknowledge and understand that they may retain Independent legal counsel to represent their individual interests in the referenced transaction. The buyers and the sellers specifically recognize that I do not have the responsibility to provide any truth-ln-lending disclosures, or any other documents required by any regulations that apply to this transaction. The lender is responsible for providing those documents, and no charge may be made for providing them.
ACCEPTANCE OF SURVEY: Buyer has received a copy of the survey of the Property made In connection with this transaction and acknowledges being aware of the matters of conflict, encroachment(s) and/or discrepancies disclosed by the survey.
UNSURVEYED PROPERTY: Buyer understands that a current survey of the property has not been done in connection with this transaction and that the Owner's Title Policy to be issued to Buyer will not provide title insurance coverage against encroachment of improvements, boundary conflicts, or other matters that would be found by a current survey. Title Company has not attempted to determine if the property lies in a special flood hazard area, and Title Company has not made any representation concerning proximity of the property in relation to any flood-plain or flood hazard area. Buyer is advised that information concerning special flood hazard areas may be available from county to municipal offices, a qualified surveyor or land-engineering company, or a private flood-plain consultant.
PROPERTY TAX PRORATIONS: Property taxes for the current year have been prorated between Buyer and Seller, who each acknowledge understanding that these proratlons are based either on tax amounts for the preceding year or on estimates of the appraised value and/or estimated tax rates for the current year. Buyer and Seller each agree that, when amounts of the current year's taxes become known and payable (on or about October 1 st), they will adjust any matters of re-proratlon and reimbursement between themselves and that Title Company shall have no further liability or obligation with respect to these prorations. However, in the event of any conflict between this paragraph and the contract between Buyer and Seller, the contract will control.
UNIMPROVED TAX RESERVE TO LENDER: Buyer is aware that the escrow account being created at closing is based on partially unimproved taxes. Buyer also understands there is a possibility that the escrow account held by Lender may be short at the end of the year and the Lender could require additional money to make up the shortage or the Lender can increase the monthly payment to collect this shortage.
TAX RENDITION AND EXEMPTIONS: Although the County Appraisal District (AD) may Independently determine Buyer's new ownership and billing address through deed record research, Buyer is still obligated by law to "render" the Property for taxation by notifying the AD of the change in the Property's ownership and of Buyer’s proper address for tax billing.
OVER 65 EXEMPTION: The property taxes on the above referenced property are assessed with an over 65 exemption. If the Buyer is not entitled to this exemption, the taxing authorities are authorized by law to remove the exemption and assess the taxes at the nonexempt rate. The taxing authorities may send a supplemental tax bill assessing the current year's taxes without the exemption. BUYER ACKNOWLEDGES SOLE RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE PAYMENT OF AND THAT THE TITLE COMPANY SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY OR OBLIGATION WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUPPLEMENTAL TAX BILL. Further, unless instructed otherwise by the lender, the escrow (If any) was established using calculations based on the most recently available tax amounts, with the exemption. Therefore, the lender may, once the new tax amounts are established, adjust the Buyer's escrow payment to reflect the increased tax amount,
BUYER'S INITIALS
SELLER’
BUYER'S
AGRICULTURAL EXEMPTION: Seller and Buyer hereby acknowledge they are aware the real property being purchased is subject to an agricultural exemption on the tax roll. The Title Company assumes no responsibility for any future roll back taxes and Buyer understands and agrees, if the taxing authorities roll back taxes due to the exemption being removed, they will be responsible for all future taxes assessed by the taxing authorities and hold the Title Company and/or seller harmless from any claim that may arise due to this exemption being removed from the, tax roll.
<_)	I am married to	and have been continuously since
L_)	I am a single person and have never been married.	
(_)	I became a widow(er) on from that date to the present date.	and I have remained single continuously
( )	I became a single person on	being the date of mv divorce
	from that date to the present.	, I have remained single continuously from
MARITAL STATUS: Seller certifies his/her marital status is as follows:
PRIOR YEAR TAXES PAID: Seller certifies all taxes for prior years have been paid In full, The Seller further agrees to reimburse Title Company for any and all unpaid taxes, penalties, interest and attorney fees due to taxes being due and/or unpaid as determined by the AD and/or taxing authorities. Seller further agrees that any default in prior payment of property taxes either current or delinquent, will on demand, be promptly reimbursed by Seller to Title Company.
PROPERTY ACCEPTANCE: We the Buyer's, understand and agree:
a)	Repairs per earnest money contract have been completed and hereby accepted.
b)	Arrangements have been made for repairs and $	has been
escrowed with MCKNIGHT TITLE COMPANY to pay for such repairs.
c)	Buyer has received an allowance of $	in Lieu of repairs.
d)	Buyer has completed inspections and requires no repairs or prepaid allowance.
e)	Other - As Is
HOMEOWNER'S ASSOCIATION: Buyer acknowledges notification that ownership of the Homeowner's or Property Owner's Association to which Monthly or annual dues or assessments will be owed that may be enforceable by a lien against the Property. Buyer understands that the Association (or its managing agent) should be contacted by Buyer directly to ascertain the exact amount of future dues or assessments. Title Company disclaims any knowledge of, and has made no representations with respect tothe Associations budget, pending repairs or deferred maintenance, If any, or other debts of the Association. Buyer accepts sole responsibility to obtain such information and verify Its accuracy to Buyer's satisfaction.
ARBITRATION:


Bl
SE
SELLER'S INITIALS
a)	VACANT LAND
You may require deletion of the arbitration provision of the Owner Title Policy. If you do not initial this provision, either you or the Company may require arbitration, If the law allows.
There Is no charge to delete this provision.
b)	SELLER FINANCE
You may require deletion of the arbitration provision of the Mortgagee Title Policy. If you do not Initial this provision, either you or the Company may require arbitration, If the law allows. There Is no charge to delete this provision.
POWER OF ATTORNEY: This transaction involves the use of a Power of Attorney.
Authority has been granted to agent-in-fact to act as agent and attorney-in-fact for principal. The Title Insurance Company must confirm that said Power of Attorney Is still valid. Buyer and Seller also recognize that neither MCKNIGHT TITLE COMPANY nor its underwriter are under any obligation to defend possession of the Property or to insure title of the Property, until such time as the above requirements have been fulfilled.
CLOSING DISCLAIMER: Seller and Buyer/Borrower each acknowledge understanding that the above referenced transaction has not yet "closed". At this time, any change in possession of the Property takes place AT BUYER'S AND SELLER'S OWN RISK. THIS TRANSACTION HAS NOT "CLOSED" UNTIL:
a)	ALL TITLE REQUIREMENTS ARE COMPLETED TO THE SATISFACTION OF THE TITLE COMPANY;
b)	ALL NECESSARY DOCUMENTS ARE PROPERLY EXECUTED, REVIEWED AND ACCEPTED BY THE PARTIES TO THIS TRANSACTION, INCLUDING THE LENDER, IF ANY, AND BY TITLE COMPANY;
c)	ALL FUNDS ARE COLLECTED AND DELIVERED TO AND ACCEPTED BY THE PARTIES TO WHOM THEY ARE DUE AND ALL NECESSARY DOCUMENTS ARE FILED OF RECORD IN THE APPROPRIATE PUBLIC RECORDS.
NON-RESIDENT ALIEN: Seller is not a non-resident alien for purpose of United States Income Taxation.
WAIVER OF SETTLEMENT AGENT RESPONSIBILITY: Escrow Holder is released from and shall have no liability, obligation or responsibility with respect to, (a) withholding of funds pursuant to Section 1445 of the Internal Revenue Code 1986 as amended, (b) advising the parties as to the requirements of such Section or (c) determining whether the transferor Is a foreign person under such Section, acting as the Qualified Substitute or otherwise making any inquiry concerning compliance with such Section for any party to the transaction.
HOME WARRANTIES AND RESIDENTIAL SERVICE CONTRACTS: Worth National Title LLC d/b/a McKnight Title and or Scott McKnlght does not sell, promote or procure home warranties or residential service contracts and assumes no responsibility in regard to the same. Home warranties and residential service contracts cannot be secured until after the closing is complete, then the purchaser and seller must send a complete application to the warranty or residential service Contract Company. Further, Worth National Title LLC d/b/a McKnlght Title and or Scott McKnight makes no representation or guarantees that home warranties or residential service contracts coverage has or will be issued in connection with this transaction. The undersigned hereby accept full responsibility for obtaining any home warranty or residential service contract protection required in this transaction. The parties hereby release and agree to indemnify Worth National Title LLC d/b/a McKnlght Title and or Scott McKnight from any and all liability in connection with securing any home warranty or residential service contact required in this transaction.
COMPLIANCE AGREEMENT: The undersigned agree to comply with all provisions of the real estate contract, Lender's closing Instructions, or other documents executed In connection with the closing of this transaction. The undersigned further agree to fully cooperate, adjust, and correct any errors or omissions and to execute any and all documents needed or necessary to comply with all provisions of the above-mentioned real estate contract, Lender's closing Instructions or other documents executed in connection with the closing of this transaction, including the payment of attorney's fees incurred in enforcing the terms of this compliance agreement
RECEIPT OF COPIES: The undersigned parties acknowledge that we have received copies of all the documents signed by us at the closing relating to the Property described above. Due to space restrictions and the cost of storage, Worth National Title LLC d/b/a McKnlght Title and or Scott McKnight will not retalncopies of all the documents the undersigned Is receiving today. It is the sole responsibility of the undersigned and Is not the responsibility of Worth National Title LLC d/b/a McKnlght Title and or Scott McKnlght to maintain the records delivered today. In the event the undersigned needs copies of the documents In the future, they must be obtained from third parties, such as a lender orother provider involved in this transaction.
SELLER'S INITIALS
AFFIDAVIT AS TO DEBTS & LIENS:
a)	lam over the age of 18 years.
b)	My marital status HAS/HAS NOT changed (CIRCLE THE APPROPRIATE RESPONSE) since the date that I acquired the above-described property.
c)	I HAVE ALSO BEEN KNOWN BYTHE FOLLOWING NAMES IN ADDITION TO THE NAME LISTED ABOVE:
a)	I state under oath that all bills for labor performed and material furnished for Improvements (if any) made by or for me have been paid, and that at present I do not owe any person or firm for such Improvements; and there are no liens including federal or state tax liens, of any kind; and no proceedings have been commenced in any federal court or state court to which I am a party, except:
SEE CLOSING DISCLOSURE
b)	To my knowledge there are no loans or unpaid debts for any personal property or Fixtures which are located on the subject property and that no such items have been purchased on time payment contract; and that there are no security interests on such property secured by financing statements, security agreements or otherwise, except:
SEE CLOSING DISCLOSURE
c)	The amount due any lien holder was furnished by the lien holder and is good only through an anticipated disbursement date. Should there be any discrepancies MCKNIGHT TITLE COMPANY Is hereby authorized to disburse any additional funds required by lien holder and adjust the net amount due the borrower by a like amount. Borrower is aware that the lien holder has furnished a statement showing amounts due to payoff existing lien(s). In the event lien holder makes a demand for a greater amount than shown on payoff statement and closing statement, I agree to reimburse MCKNIGHT TITLE COMPANY for any funds advanced In order to cure any discrepancies or demand.
d)	To my knowledge, Owner's possession of the property has been peaceable and undisturbed and title to said property has never been disputed or questioned, nor
do I have any knowledge of adverse claims against any portion of the property.
e)	I have not signed any contract of sale, deeds, deeds of trust, mortgages or quitclaims affecting the property, except documents pertaining to the guaranty file listed above.
f)	I have no knowledge of any paving or mowing liens outstanding against the property.
I understand that the Purchaser and/or Lender and Title Company in this transaction are relying upon the representation contained herein In purchasing the subject property. Lending money thereon, and/or issuing title Insurance policies thereon, and would not do any of the above unless said representations were made.
SELLER(S):
Our Country Homes, LLC, a limited liability company
By: OCH Enterprises, LLC, a Texas limited liability company, its Sole Member
By:	
Pam Robleski, Controller
BUYER(S):	,
STATE OF TEXAS COUNTY OF TARRANT
This instrument was acknowledged before me on this 4th day of September, 2024 by Mey Ling Paurl, President of Our Country Homes, LLC, a	Limited Liability Company, on behalf of said Limited Liability Company.
I

CHIQUITA WILLIAMS Notary ID #132744137 My Commission Expires October 23, 2028

5981 Hudson Sail Circle
~ Being Lot 4, Blook 22, The Resort on Eagle Mountain Lake \)) Addition, an addition to the City of Fort Worth, Extra Territorial Jurisdiction, Tarrant County, Texas, according to the Map/Plat thereof recorded In Instrument No. 0221265956, of the Plat Records of Tarrant County, Texas.
		
		
	COUNTRY	
	HOMES	
r | LEGEND
O 1/2* R00 FOUND ® 1/2' R00 SET O I" PIPE rOUNO B "X* rOUND/SET $ 5/8" R00 rOUND .X. POINT FOR ~ CORNER n FENCE POST u FOR CORNER ru CONTROLUNO “ UONUMENT
AIR
CONDITIONER
POOL
EQUIPMENT
TRANSFORMER
PAO
■ COLUMN • POWER POLE
BL BIX UMNO UNC
SANITARY 5SE SEWER EASEMENT
GU CAS METER WU WATER METER U» UCHT POLE ,.r UTIUTY ut EASEMENT
—OHP— OVERHEAD ELECTRIC POWER
—OCS— OVERHEAD ELECTRIC SERVICE
	o—
CHAIN UNK
WOOD FENCE O.B' WIOE TYPICAL
IDOE OF ASPHALT
	A	
EOCC OF CRAVa
CONCRETE
L
BRICK
'EXCEPTIONS:

HUDSON SAIL CIRCLE'
EMERGENCY FIRELANE 4 UTILITY ESMT. PRIVATE 50' R.O.W.
NOTE; This survey li mad* In conjunction with Ihs information provided by Ihe client. CBC Surveying Texas, U.C hae not researched Ihe lond IHIe record* tor the existence of easements, restrictive covenants or olher encumbrances.
NOTE: BEARINGS, EASEMENTS ANO BUILDING LINES ARE BY RECOROEO PUT UNLESS OTHERWISE NOTED.
FLOOD NOTE: According to the F.I.R.M. No. 4B439C0030K this property doe* lie In Zone AE ond doe* lie wllhln the tOO y^ear flood zone.	
n5T?
ELEVATIONS SHOWN HEREON WERE DETERMINED FROM OBSERVATIONS TAKEN ON THE SURFACE, WITHOUT SOD BONO IN PUCE,
Thl* *urvey I* made In oonjunollon wllh Ihe Inlormollon provided by Our Country Homes. Um of thl* survey by any other parties and/or for othsr purposes shall fa* at user’s own risk ond any lose resulting from other uee ehall not be the responsibility of the undersigned. This Is to certify that I have on this dal* mod* a careful and accural* survey on the ground of the subject property. The plat hereon Is a correct ond accurate representation of the property lines ond dimensions or* as Indicated: location and type of buildings are as shown: and EXCEPT AS SHOWN, there ore no visible and apparenl enoroochmenfe or prolruelons on the ground.
Drawn By; OM
Scale:	in - 40*
Accepfed by:_
DaU: 12/14/2023 GF No.:
GFN	
Job No. 2212393-02
iJCBG
1413 E. IH—30, Sle. Garland, TX 75043 P 214.349.9485 F 214.349.2216 Firm No. 10168800 www.obgtxllc.com

Texas Disclosure
Form T-64
1. Closing Information	Transaction Information
Closing Disclosure	Property Address: 5981 Hudson Sail Circle, Fort Worth, TX 76179
Issued Date:	August 1, 2024	
Closing Date: September 4, 2024	Borrower(s):
GF #: CB-11697-TS	Address(es): 4700 Palencia Drive, Fort Worth, TX 76126
Sales Price: $1,600,000.00	Seller(s): Our Country Homes, LLC
Loan Amount: $1,440,000.00	Address(cs): 700 West Haiwood Road, Ste C, Hurst, TX 76054
Lender and Settlement Agent
Lender: Citadel Servicing Corp, dba Acra Lending Settlement Agent: Worth National Title Agency, LLC DBA
McKnight Title
Address: 3 Ada Parkway, #200A, Irvine, CA 92618 Address: 4916 Camp Bowie Boulevard, Fort Worth, TX 		 	 76107
Title Insurance Premiums
If you are buying both an owner's policy and a loan policy the title insurance premiums on this form might be different than the premiums on the Closing Disclosure. The owner’s policy premium listed on the Closing Disclosure will probably be lower than on this form, and the loan policy premium will probably be higher. If you add the two policies’ premiums on the Closing Disclosure together, however, the total should be the same as the total of the two premiums on this form.
The premiums are different on the two forms because the Closing Disclosure is governed by federal law, while this form is governed by Texas Law. The owner’s policy and loan policy premiums are set by the Texas commissioner of insurance. When you buy both an owner’s policy and a loan policy in the same transaction, you are charged the full premium for the owner’s policy but receive a discount on the loan policy premium. Federal and Texas law differ on where the discount is shown. Texas law requires the discount to be reflected in the loan policy premium, while federal law requires the discount to be reflected in the owner’s policy premium.
Title Agent:	Worth National Title	Owner’s Policy Premium	$	8,173.00
	Agency, LLC DBA McKnight Title	Loan Policy Premium	$	100.00
Underwriter:	Worth National Title	Endorsements	$	449.00
	Insurance Company	Other	$	0.00
		TOTAL	$	8,722.00
Amount ($ or %)	To Whom	For Services
		
		
		
		
Of this total amount: $ 1,308.30 (or 15%) will be paid to the Underwriter; the Title Agent will retain $ 7,413.70 (or 85%); and the remainder of the premium will be paid to other parties as follows:
Fees Paid to Settlement Agent Fees Paid to Settlement Agent on the Closing Disclosure include:			
Title - Lender's T-36 Endorsement	$25	Title - Lender’s T-30 Endorsement	$20
Title - Lender's T-3 Endorsement	$5	Title - Lender's T-19: Endorsement	$374
Texas Disclosure
Texas Disclosure
Form T-64
	Real Estate Commission Disbursement
Portions of the Real Estate Commissions disclosed on the Closing Disclosure will be disbursed to:	
Fee for Services	Benny Gail Mays
Fee for Services	Peggy Villagomez
Fee for Services	Stacy Incorporated
I Title - Lender's T-17 Endorsement	| $25
	Other Disclosures		
Although not required, this section may be used to disclose individual recording charges included on Line 01 of Section E of the Closing Disclosure, or to disclose a breakdown of other charges that were combined on the Closing Disclosure:			
Document Name	Recording Fee	Document Name	Recording Fee
Deed	$24	Mortgage	$104
			
Closing Disclosure Charge Name	Included in Closing Disclosure Charge		
Lender Endorsements	Form, T-3, Form, Form, Form, Form		
The Closing Disclosure was assembled from the best information available from other sources. The Settlement Agent cannot guarantee the accuracy of that information.
Tax and insurance prorations and reserves were based on figures for the preceding year or supplied by others, or are estimates for current year. If there is any change for the current year, all necessary adjustments must be made directly between Seller and Borrower, if applicable.
I (We) acknowledge receiving this Texas Disclosure and Closing Disclosure. I (We) authorize the Settlement Agent to make the expenditures and disbursements on the Closing Disclosure and I (we) approve those payments. If I am (we are) the Borrower(s), I (we) acknowledge receiving the Loan Funds, if applicable, in the amount on the Closing Disclosure.
Date:	- Q « - lbLj
Our Country Homes, LLC, a limited liability company Date: By: OCH Enterprises, LLC, a Texas limited liability company, its Sole Member
By:	
Pam Robleski, Controller
Worth National Title Agency, LLC DBA McKnight Title
By:
Texas Disclosure

GF NUMBER:	CB-11697-TS
PURCHASER(S)/BORRO WER(S):
SELLER:	OUR COUNTRY HOMES, LLC, A TEXAS LIMITED LIABILITY
COMPANY
PROPERTY ADDRESS:	5981 HUDSON SAIL CIRCLE, FORT WORTH, TEXAS 76179
PROPERTY DESCRIPTION:
LOT 4, BLOCK 22, THE RESORT ON EAGLE MOUNTAIN LAKE ADDITION, AN ADDITION TO THE CITY OF FORT WORTH, EXTRA TERRITORIAL JURISDICTION, TARRANT COUNTY, TEXAS, ACCORDING TO THE MAP/PLAT THEREOF RECORDED IN INSTRUMENT NO. D221265956, PLAT RECORDS, TARRANT COUNTY,TEXAS.
TITLE COMPANY:	MCKNIGHT TITLE
DATE:	SEPTEMBER 4, 2024
DESCRIPTION OF LEGAL SERVICES PERFORMED
Certain documents involved in the above-referenced real property transaction have been prepared at the request of the Title Company by THE MCKNIGHT FIRM, Attomey(s) at Law ("Attorney"). The undersigned acknowledge that the Attorney has not, in any manner, acted as counsel to the Title Company, and has not, in any manner, undertaken to assist or render legal advice to the undersigned with respect to (i) the Loan, (ii) the real estate transaction involving the purchase, sale, improvement or encumbrance of the Property, (iii) the transactions being consummated between the parties referenced above, including, without limitation, relating to the fairness of such transactions, their compliance with applicable laws, or the content or nature of any document involved in such transactions, (iv) the nature or status of the title to the Property, (v) the physical condition of the Property, or (vi) any of the documents or instruments being executed or delivered in connection therewith. It is clearly understood by the undersigned that the Attorney has not conducted a title search with regard to the Property and does not warrant the condition of title. Without limiting any of the foregoing, it is also clearly understood by the undersigned that the Attorney has not reviewed (i) a survey, plat or site plan of the Property to determine adequate access to the Property or any other matter that might be revealed from a close examination of a survey, plat, site plan or other recorded or unrecorded documents, (ii) tax certificates or abstracts, or (iii) the title commitment or title policy, including the liens or other information set forth on Schedule C of said title commitment or title policy (if any) to be delivered at or after the closing in connection with these transactions. The undersigned further acknowledge that they are aware that they should and may retain their own counsel to advise them regarding the real estate transaction or to review and render advice concerning any of the documents or instruments being executed in connection therewith.
PURCHASERfSVBORROWER(S) RESPONSIBILITY FOR PAYMENT OF FEES
As a part of the obligation of the undersigned to reimburse Lender or Title Company certain expenses in connection with preparation of the legal documentation and reviews as described above, the undersigned agrees to pay directly, or have funds withheld and paid directly, to the Attorney for the account of the Lender or Title Company, at the closing the amount indicated on the Attorney's invoice.
The document preparation and review fees charged by the Attorney are based on a per transaction charge rather than an hourly fee. The fee is intended to provide fair compensation for the above-described services taking into consideration the time and labor required, the complexities of the questions involved, and the skill required to perform said services. Other considerations include the expertise of the Attorney and the complexities of the real estate practice, the necessary overhead associated with the rendering of the said services. No charge has been made for the preparation of any loan documentation other than the legal instruments affecting title to Property. Specifically, there have been no charges made for any disclosures required by the Real Estate Settlement and Procedures Act and/or the Truth in Lending Act or for any reviews to determine compliance therewith.
Each of the undersigned parties hereby acknowledges receiving and reading a copy of this Notice, and by his/her/its signature affirms his/her/its acknowledgment of the accuracy and agreement to the above statements.
SELLER:	PURCHASERS/BORROWERS:
OUR COUNTRY HOMES, LLC, A TEXAS LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY
BY:	
NAME: PAMROBLESKI TITLE: CONTROLLER
Closing Information	Transaction Information
Closing Disclosure	Property: 5981 Hudson Sail Circle, Fort
Issued Date:	September 3, 2024	Worth, Texas 76179
Closing Date: September 4, 2024	Borrower(s):,
GF #: Sales Price:	1,600,000.00 Loan Amount: 1,440,000.00	Address(es):	9553 Bella Terra Drive, Fort Worth, Texas 76126 United States Seller(s): Address(es):
Lender and Settlement Agent
Lender; CITADEL SERVICING	Settlement Agent: Worth National Title Agency LLC
CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING DBO McKnight Title
Address: 3 ADA PARKWAY, SUITE 200A, Address: 4916 Camp Bowie Blvd, Fort Worth, IRVINE, CALIFORNIA 92618	Texas 76107
Title Insurance Premiums
If you are buying both an owner’s policy and a loan policy, the title insurance premiums on this form might be different than the premiums on the Closing Disclosure. The owner's policy premium listed on the Closing Disclosure will probably be lower than on this form, and the loan policy premium will probably be higher. If you add the two policies' premiums on the Closing Disclosure together, however, the total should be the same as the total of the two premiums on this form.
The premiums are different on the two forms because the Closing Disclosure is governed by federal law, while this form is governed by Texas law. The owner's policy and loan policy premiums are set by the Texas commissioner of insurance. When you buy both an owner's policy and a loan policy in the same transaction, you are charged the full premium for the owner's policy but receive a discount on the loan policy premium. Federal and Texas law differ on where the discount is shown. Texas law requires the discount to be reflected in the loan policy premium, while federal law requires the discount to be reflected in the owner's policy premium.
Title Agent:	Worth	National Title Agency Owner's Policy Premium	$ LLC DBO McKnight	Title	Loan Policy Premium	$ Underwriter:	Endorsements	$ Other	$ TOTAL	$ Of this total amount: $	(or	%) will be paid to the Underwriter; the Title Agent will retain $	(or	%); and the remainder of the premium will be paid to other parties as follows:		
Amount ($ or %)	To Whom	For Services
		/
		
		
		
Fees Paid to Settlement Agent Fees Paid to Settlement Agent on the Closing Disclosure include:			
Title - Settlement Agent Fee	595.00	Title - Owner's Title Policy (optional)	793.00
Settlement Fee - Seller	595.00		
			
Real Estate Commission Disbursement Portions of the Real Estate Commissions disclosed on the Closing Disclosure will be disbursed to:	
	
	
Other Disclosures Although not required, this section may be used to disclose individual recording charges included on Line 01 of Section E of the Closing Disclosure, or to disclose a breakdown of other charges that were combined on the Closing Disclosure:			
Document Name	Recording Fee	Document Name	Recording Fee
Recording Fee - Mortgage	128.00		
			
Closing Disclosure Charge Name	Included in Closing Disclosure Page		
Hazard Insurance	2,264.68		
Flood Insurance	749.96		
'Jhe Closing Disclosure was assembled from the best information available from other sources. The Settlement Agent cannot guarantee the accuracy of that information.
Tax and insurance prorations and reserves were based on figures for the preceding year or supplied by others, or are estimates for current year. If there is any change for the current year, all necessary adjustments must be made directly between Seller and Borrower, if applicable.
I (We) acknowledge receiving this Texas Disclosure and the Closing Disclosure. I (We) authorize the Settlement Agent to make the expenditures and disbursements on the Closing Disclosure and I (we) approve those payments. If I am (we are) the Borrower(s), I (we) acknowledge receiving the Loan Funds, if applicable, in the amount on the Closing Disclosure.
Date
Seller
Date
Seller
Date
Borrower Edward Riley
By:
Escrow Officer
Settlement Agent:	Worth National Title Agency LLC DBO McKnight Title
POLUNSKY BEITEL GREEN, LLP PRIVACY NOTICE
Borrower(s):
Property Address: 5981 HUDSON SAIL CIRCLE, FORT WORTH, TX 76179
Polunsky Beitel Green, LLP is committed to keeping Nonpublic Personal Information that we collect confidential and secure. This notice is to inform you of our policies regarding Nonpublic Personal Information.
Federal Law and Regulations define Nonpublic Persona) Information as:
(i)	Personally identifiable financial information; and
(ii)	Any list, description, or other grouping of consumers (and publicly available information pertaining to them) that is derived using any personally identifiable financial information that is not publicly available.
Under Federal Law and Regulations Nonpublic Personal Information does not include:
(i)	Publicly available information, except any list, description, or other grouping of consumers (and publicly available information pertaining to them) that is derived using any personally identifiable financial information that is not publicly available; or
(ii)	Any list, description, or other grouping of consumers (and publicly available information pertaining to them) that is derived without using any personally identifiable financial information that is not publicly available.
We collect Nonpublic Personal Information about you from the following sources:
-Information we receive from you on applications or other forms;
-Information about your transaction with us, our affiliates, or others; and -Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency.
We do not disclose any Nonpublic Personal Information about our customers or former customers to anyone, except as permitted by law.
We restrict access to Nonpublic Personal Information about you to our attorneys and employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your Nonpublic Personal Information.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy policies, please call 2HL349-4488.
The foregoing Polunsky Beitel Green, LLP Privacy Notice was received by the undersigned on the date of the closing of the above referenced loan.
NOTE TO CLOSING AGENT: Please give the Borrowers) one copy of this document and retain an imaged copy with the closing file. Thank you.
POLUNSKY BEITEL GREEN, LLP PRIVACY NOTICE
Borrower(s):
Property Address: 5981 HUDSON SAIL CIRCLE, FORT WORTH, TX 76179
Polunsky Beitel Green, LLP is committed to keeping Nonpublic Personal Information thatwe collect confidential and secure. This notice is to inform you of our policies regarding Nonpublic Personal Information.
Federal Law and Regulations define Nonpublic Personal Information as:
(i)	Personally identifiable financial information; and
(ii)	Any list, description, or other grouping of consumers (and publicly available infonnation pertaining to them) that is derived using any personally identifiable financial information that is not publicly available.
Under Federal Law and Regulations Nonpublic Personal Information does not include:
(i)	Publicly available information, except any list, description, or other grouping of consumers (and publicly available infonnation pertaining to them) that is derived using any personally identifiable financial information that is not publicly available; or
(ii)	Any list, description, or other grouping of consumers (and publicly available infonnation pertaining to them) that is derived without using any personally identifiable financial information that is not publicly available.
We collect Nonpublic Personal Information about you from the following sources:
-Information we receive from you on applications or other fonns;
-Information about your transaction with us, our affiliates, or others; and -Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency.
We do not disclose any Nonpublic Personal Information about our customers or former customers to anyone, except as permitted by law.
We restrict access to Nonpublic Personal Information about you to our attorneys and employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your Nonpublic Personal Information.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy policies, please call 210-349-4488.
The foregoing Polunsky Beitel Green, LLP Privacy Notice was received by the undersigned on the date of the closing of the above referenced loan.
NOTE TO CLOSING AGENT: Please give the Borrower(s) one copy of this document and retain an imaged copy with the closing file. Thank you.
PLEASE RETURN TO POLUNSKY BEITEL GREEN, LLP, AFTER EXECUTION
REPRESENTATION NOTICE
Borrower(s):
Lender:	CITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING
3 ADA PARKWAY, SUITE 200A, IRVINE, CA 92618
Property Address:	5981 HUDSON SAIL CIRCLE, FORT WORTH, TX 76179
The undersigned (whether one or more) acknowledge the preparation of certain legal instruments, including, but not limited to, a Warranty Deed with Vendor's Lien and/or a Note and Deed of Trust, and possibly other instruments and documents involved in the loan and transaction covering the Real Property by the following named law firm: Polunsky Beitel Green, LLP, 17806 IH 10 West, Suite 450, San Antonio, Texas 78257 (hereinafter referred to as "Lender's Attorneys"), at the request, and for the benefit, of Lender.
The undersigned further acknowledge that by virtue of requirements of the Lender and/or agreements between the Borrower and the Lender and/or agreements between the undersigned, the undersigned are required, or have agreed to, or have consented to, pay the fees charged by said Lender's Attorneys for the preparation of said instruments and documents.
In this regard, the undersigned acknowledge that Lender's Attorneys have acted only as counsel to the Lender, and have not, in any manner, undertaken to assist or render legal advice to, or protect the legal interests of, the undersigned with respect to the Loan or to the purchase or sale of the Real Property involved or any aspect of the transaction whatsoever, or with respect to the content of or effect of any of the documents or instruments being executed in connection therewith. Furthermore, should Lender's Attorneys be listed as the undersigned's attorneys in the earnest money contract or sales agreement and/or other agreements between the undersigned, the undersigned acknowledge and agree that Lender's Attorneys have not acted as legal counsel for the undersigned in regard to this transaction. In addition, the undersigned agree that any clause in the earnest money contract or sales agreement and/or other agreements between the undersigned designating Lender's Attorneys as the undersigned's attorneys is hereby deleted therefrom and declared null and void. The undersigned further acknowledge that the undersigned are aware of the undersigned's freedom to retain the undersigned's own legal counsel to advise the undersigned regarding the loan or the purchase or sale of the Real Property, or to review and render advice concerning any of the documents or instruments being executed in connection therewith.
BY THE EXECUTION OF THE DEED BY SELLER AND ACCEPTANCE THEREOF BY BORROWER, THEY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THEY (SELLER AND BORROWER) OR THEIR SELECTED LEGAL ADVISORS, IF ANY, HAS REVIEWED AND APPROVED OF THE CONTENT OF THE DEED AND DETERMINED THAT IT MEETS THE REQUIREMENTS OF THEIR SALES AGREEMENT, ANY MODIFICATIONS OR AMENDMENTS THERETO, AND/OR ANY AGREEMENTS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES AGREED TO BETWEEN SELLER AND BORROWER.
The undersigned further acknowledge the undersigned's agreement with the Lender, or each other, consenting to the payment of the legal fees of the Lender's Attorneys in connection with the preparation of the above mentioned legal instruments and loan documents, by the undersigned's execution hereof and/or by the undersigned making, at the closing, the payments to said Lender’s Attorneys set forth in the Closing Statement.
The undersigned hereby acknowledge receiving a copy hereof, and by the undersigned’s signature, the undersigned do affirm and acknowledge the accuracy of the statements, acknowledgements, consents and agreements contained herein.
Borrower(s):
Date
Date
MINERAL RIGHTS AGREEMENT
Borrower(s):
Lender:	CITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING
Property Address:	5981 HUDSON SAIL CIRCLE, FORT WORTH, TX 76179
Borrower(s) is executing this Agreement as a material inducement to Lender to make Borrower(s) the above-referenced Loan secured by liens on the above-referenced Property.
Borrower(s) understands that the Property may be subject to mineral development rights, the exercise of which could result in a taking or damage to any or all of the Property. Borrower(s) further understands that the party desiring to exercise its mineral development rights may give notice of its intention to exercise such rights and may be liable to Borrower(s) for reimbursement of any taking or any damage to the Property resulting from its exercise of such mineral development rights.
Borrower(s) hereby agrees to immediately give written notice to Lender, (1) at the Lender’s address as set forth in the Deed of Trust securing the above-referenced Loan, or (2) at such other place as any noteholder of the note may direct Borrower(s) in writing, from time to time, of any action or proposed action to be taken in connection with the development of mineral rights in, on or around the Property. Borrower(s) further agrees that if there is (1) any taking or damage to the Property and (2) if any reimbursement or compensation is paid for such taking or damage, then such reimbursement or compensation shall be paid directly to the Lender, or noteholder if different from Lender, to reduce the principal balance of the note evidencing this Loan, and any and all charges accruing thereon including the interest, so long as the above-referenced Loan remains outstanding and unsatisfied.
Further, Borrower(s) agrees that Borrower(s) will not consent to or execute any documents to transfer, convey, assign, sell, or lease any mineral development rights on said Property to any person or entity during the terms of this Loan, unless the recipient, grantee, and/or lessee of the mineral rights agrees in such document not to use the surface of the property in connection with such mineral interest or rights and expressly waives any right to use the surface of the property for the exploration, development and/or production of minerals.
Borrower(s) agrees to defend, indemnify and hold Lender, its successors or its assigns harmless from any and all loss, damage or expense arising from or related to Borrower(s) not giving Lender, its successors or its assigns, proper and timely notice of any exercise or threatened exercise of mineral development rights by any person or entity.
Borrower(s) hereby acknowledges that Borrower(s) have read this Agreement and fully understands its terms and implications and Borrowers) is executing it the same day as the herein described note and deed of trust, as a material inducement to Lender and noteholder to make this Loan on this Property.
Nothing herein is intended to conflict with any provision of the note or deed of trust, but is to be an amplification thereof.
M-tW-mf		
Date	Date
Mineral Rights Acknowledgement TX_Min_Right_Ack Powered By MortgogeLaw
Supplemental Consumer Information Form
The purpose of the Supplemental Consumer Information Form (SCIF) Is to collect Information on homeownership education and housing counseling and/or language preference to help lenders better understand the needs of borrowers during the home buying process.
Borrower Name (First, Middle, Last, Suffix),
Homeownership Education and Housing Counseling
j I Homeownership education and housing counseling programs are offered by independent third parties to help the Borrower understand i I .J the rights and responsibilities of homeownership.
j 	I	j
j Has the Borrower(s) completed homeownership education (group or web-based classes) within the last 12 months? O NO O YES | j If YES:	(1) What format was it in: (Check the most recent) O Attended Workshop in Person O Completed Web-Based Workshop
l j	(2) Who provided It:	'	i
i	l.	j
li	If a HUD-approved agency, provide Housing Counseling Agency ID #	 j
* ;	For a list of HUD-approved agencies go to: httP5://www.hud.qov/proqram	offices/houslnq/sfh/hcc	(’ ■	.<
i |	I	'-j
If not a HUD-approved agency, or unsure of HUD approval, provide the name of the Housing Education Program:	,
| !	(3) Date of Completion 	 mm/dd/yyyy
i.	Has the Borrower(s) completed housing counseling (customized counselor-to-dient services) within the last 12 months? O NO O YES If YES:	(1) What format was it in: [Check the most recent) O Face-to-Face O Telephone O Internet O Hybrid
(2)	Who provided It:	!
If a HUD-approved agency, provide Housing Counseling Agency ID #	
For a list of HUD-approved agencies go to: https://www.hud.gov/program offices/housinq/sfh/hcc j	If not a HUD-approved agency, or unsure of HUD approval, provide name of Housing Counseling Agency:
(3) Date of Completion 	 mm/dd/yyyy
Language Preference - Your loan transaction is likely to be conducted in English. This question requests information to see if communications are available to assist you In your preferred language. Please be aware that communications may NOT be available In your preferred language.
Optional- Mark the language you would prefer, If available:
O English O Chinese O Korean O Spanish O Tagalog O Vietnamese O Other:	 O I do not wish to respond
(4'S)	(£R0() (Espafiol) (Tagalog) (Tieng Vi?t)
Your answer will NOT negatively affect your mortgage application. Your answer does not mean the Lender or Other Loan Participants agree to communicate or provide documents in your preferred language. However, it may let them assist you or direct you to persons who can assist you.
Language assistance and resources may be available through housing counseling agencies approved by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. To find a housing counseling agency, contact one of the following Federal government agencies:
•	U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) at (800) 569-4287 or https://www.hud.qov/proaram offices/houslnq/sfh/hcc.
•	Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) at (855) 411-2372 or www.consumerfinance.gov/find-a-housinq-counselor.
Supplemental Consumer Information Form Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac Form 1103 5/2022
To be completed by the Lender: CITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING
Lender Loan No./Unlversal Loan irinntlflnr 7505337 / 254900E6AIE4Z8YQM970-7505337-8^onry Qase ^0	
Uniform Residential Loan Application
Verify and complete the Information on this application. If you are applying for this loan with others, each additional Borrower must provide Information as directed by your Lender.	
Section 1: Borrower Information. This section asks about your personal information and your income from employment and other sources, such as retirement, that you want considered to qualify for this loan.
Name (First, Middle, Last, Suffix)
Alternate Names - List any names by which you are known or any names under which credit was previously received (First, Middle, Last, Suffix)
065-56-2137
Social Security Number
(or Individual Taxpayer Identification Number) Date of Birth	Citizenship
J^nm/dd/yyyy)	<8 U.S. Citizen
10/08/1966
O Permanent Resident Alien O Non-Permanent Resident Alien
Type of Credit
® I am applying for Individual credit.
O I am applying forjoint credit. Total Number of Borrowers:— Each Borrower Intends to apply forjoint credit. Your Initials:.
Ust Name(s) of Other Borrowers) Applying for this Loan
(First, Middle, Last, Suffix)
Dependents (not listed by another Borrower) Number	2	
Ages	
Marital Status O Married O Separated ® Unmarried*
* Single, Divorced, Widowed, Civil Union, Domestic Partnership, Registered Reciprocal Beneficiary Relationship
Contact Information
Home Phone Cell Phone Work Phone
(702) 266-6358 (702) 266-6358
Ext.
Email.
tr@teddyriley.com
Current Address
Street 9553 Bella Terra Drive City
Fort Worth
State
TX
■ Zip
76126
Unit #
. Country United States
How Long at Current Address? 2	Years 3 Months Housing O No primary housing expense O Own ® Rent ($30,000.00/month)
If at Current Address for I ESS than 2 years, list Former Address
Street			
City	 State	Zip .
H Does not apply 	Unit #	
. Country.
How Long at Former Address? .
_Years
Months Housing O No primary housing expenseO Own O Rent ($
/month)
1a. Personal Information
□ Does not apply
	    —._—,	Unit #	
r.nnnfry United States 	
Zip.
Mailing Address - If different from Current Address
Street	
City	 State.
Employer or Business Name TRXPERIENCE, LLC	Phone Street 6655 W. SAHARA	nni, ^ B113		Gross Monthly Income
City Las Vegas	StateNV zip 89146country United States		Overtime $	/month
Position or Title Managing Member		 Start Date 08/19/2016	(mm/dd/yyyy)	Check If this statement applies: I I 1 am employed by a family member, property seller, real estate agent, or other party to the transaction.	Bonus	$	/month Commissions $	/month
How long In this line of work? 7	Years^ Months		Military Entitlements $	/month
[3 Check If you are the Business	O I have an ownership share of less than 25%.Monthly Income (or Loss) Owner or Self-Emploved	® I have an ownership share of 25% or mordt 20,524.88		Other	$	/month TOTAL	$	/month
Employer or Business Name TR MUSIC GROUP	Phone Street 6655 W. Sahara Ave	unit #6113		Gross Monthly Income Base	$	/month
City Las Vegas	StateNV zip 89146countrv United States		Overtime $	/month
Position or Title OWNER	Check If this statement applies: f~l I am employed by a family member, property seller, real estate agent, or other party to the transaction.	
Start Date 08/27/2010	(mm/dd/yyyy) How long in this line of work? ^ Years	Months		Commissions $	/month Military Entitlements $	/month
[3 Check if you are the Business	© I have an ownership share of less than 25%.Monthly Income (or Loss) Owner or Self-Employed	O l have an ownership share of 25% or more$ 18,163.48		Other	$	/month TOTAL	$	/month
1c. IF APPLICABLE, Complete Information for Additional Employmcnt/Self Employment and Income
* Alimony	* Child Support	* Interest and Dividends	* Notes Receivable	* Royalty Payments	* Unemployment Benefits
* Automobile Allowance	* Disability	* Mortgage Credit Certificate	* Public Assistance	* Separate Maintenance	* VA Compensation
* Boarder Income	* Foster Care	* Mortgage Differential	* Retirement	* Social Security	* Other
* Capital Gains	* Housing or Parsonage	Payments	(e.g., Pension IRA)	* Trust	
NOTE: Reveal alimony, child support, separate maintenance, or other income ONLY IF you want it considered in determining your qualification for this loan.		
Section 2: Financial Information - Assets and Liabilities. This section asks about things you own that are worth
money and that you want considered to qualify for this loan. It then asks about your liabilities (or debts) that you pay each month, such as credit cards, alimony, or other expenses.		
2a. Assets - Bank Accounts, Retirement, and Other Accounts You Have
Include all accounts below. Under Account Type, choose from the types listed here:
*	Checking	* Certificate of	Deposit * Stock Options	* Bridge Loan Proceeds	* Trust Account
*	Savings	* Mutual Fund	* Bonds	* Individual Development	Account * Cash Value of	Life Insurance
*	Money Market ‘Stocks	* Retlrement/e.g., 401k, IRA)	(used for the transaction)
Account Type - use list above	Financial Institution	Account Number	Cash or Market Value
Checking	City National Bank	686020045	1	767,598.00
Include Income from other sources below. Under Income Source, choose from the sources listed here:
Account Type - use list above	| Financial Institution	Account Number	Cash or Market Value
Provide TOTAL Amount Here			"*	767,598.00
2b. Other Assets You Have
□ Does not apply
Include all other assets and credits below. Under Asset or Credit Type, choose from the types listed here:
Assets
* Proceeds from Real Estate	* Proceeds from Sale of Non-Real * Unsecured Borrowed Funds I
Property to be sold on or before Estate Asset	* Other	j
closing	* Secured Borrowed Funds
Asset or Credit Type - use list above	Cash or Market Value
Earnest Money	* 10,000.00
Provide TOTAL Amount Here	* 10,000.00
Credits
*	Earnest Money
‘ Employer Assistance
*	Lot Equity
Relocation Funds	* Sweat Equity
Rent Credit	* Trade Equity
2c. Liabilities - Credit Cards, Other Debits, and Leases that You Owe
□ Does not apply
Account Type -use list above	Company Name	Account Number	Unpaid Balance To be paid off et or before closing		Monthly Payment	
Installment	BK OF AMER	65010067157271	$	142,172.00	□	$	2,668.00
Installment	CHRYSLRCAP		30000279417821000	$	38,955.00	_□		$	830.00
List all liabilities below (except real estate) and Include deterred payments. Under Account Type, choose from the types listed here:
* Revolving (e.g,, credit cards) ' Installmentfe.g., car, student, personal loans) * Open 30-Day (balance paid monthly)	' Lease (nol real estale)	' Other
2d. Other Liabilities and Expenses
[3 Does not apply
Include all other liabilities and expenses below. Choose from the types listed here:
* Alimony* Child Support * Separate Maintenance 'Job Related Expenses 'Other
Monthly Payment
Section 3: Financial Information - Real Estate. This section asks you to list all properties you currently own and what you owe on them.	(3 / cfo not own any real estate
If you are refinancing, list the property you are refinancing FIRST.
3b. IF APPLICABLE, Complete Information for Additional Property
[3 Does not apply
Section 4: Loan and Property Information. This section asks about the loan’s purpose and the property you want to purchase or refinance.
4a. Loan and Property Information
Loan Amount $	1,440,000,00	 Loan Purpose ® Purchase O Refinance O Other	
Property Address Street 5981 Hudson Sail Circle 		
Unit #	City Fort Worth	State TX	Zip 76179
County Tarrant	Number of Units 1	 Property Value $ 1,600,000.00
Occupancy ® Primary Residence O Second Home	O Investment Property
1.	Mixed-Use Property. If you will occupy the property, will you set aside space within the property to operate
your own business? (e.g., daycare facility, medical office, beauty/barber shop)	© NO O YES
2.	Manufactured Home. Is the property a manufactured homefe.g., a factory built dwelling built on a permanent chassis) © NO Q YES
4b. Other New Mortgage Loans on the Property You are Buying or Refinancing
[3 Does not apply
4d. Gifts or Grants You Have Been Given or Will Receive for this Loan
0 Does not apply
Include all gifts and grants below. Under Source,
*	Community Nonprofit	* Federal Agency
*	Employer	* Local Agency
choose from the sources listed here:
*	Relative	*
*	Religious Nonprofit
Stale Agency Unmarried Partner
*	Lender
*	Other
Section 5: Declarations. This section asks you specific questions about the property, your funding, and your past financial history.
r 5a.	About this Property and Your Money for Ibis Loan g||	
A.	Will you occupy the property as your primary residence? If YES, have you had an ownership interest In another property in the last three years? If YES, complete (1) and (2) below: (1)	What type of property did you own: primary residence (PR), FHA secondary residence (SR), second home (SH), or Investment property (IP)? (2)	How did you hold title to the property: by yourself (S), Jointly with your spouse (SP), or jointly with another person (O)?	O NO © YES © NO O YES
B.	If this is a Purchase Transaction: Do you have a family relationship or business affiliation with the seller of the property?	©NO Oyes
C.	Are you borrowing any money for this real estate transaction (e.g., money for your closing costs or down payment) or obtaining any money from another party, such as the seller or realtor, that you have not disclosed on this loan application? If YES, what is the amount of this money?	® NO O YES $
D.	1.	Have you or will you be applying for a mortgage loan on another property (not the property securing this loan) on or before closing this transaction that is not disclosed on this loan application? 2.	Have you or will you be applying for any new credit (e.g., Installment loan, credit card, etc.) on or before closing this loan that is not disclosed on this application?	©no Oyes © no O YES
E.	Will this property be subject to a lien that could take priority over the first mortgage lien, such as a clean energy lien paid through your property taxes (e.g., the Property Assessed Clean Energy Program)7	© NO O YES
r5b. About Your Finances		
F.	Are you a co-signer or guarantor on any debt or loan that Is not disclosed on this application?	© NO O YES
G.	Are there any outstanding judgments against you?	© NO O YES
H,	Are you currently delinquent or in default on a Federal debt?	© NO O YES
I.	Are you a party to a lawsuit in which you potentially have any personal financial liability?		© NO O YES
J.	Have you conveyed title to any property in lieu of foreclosure in the past 7 years?	© NO O YES
K.	Within the past 7 years, have you completed a pre-foreclosure sale or short sale, whereby the property was sold to a third party and the Lender agreed to accept less than the outstanding mortgage balance due?	© NO O YES
L	Have you had property foreclosed upon in the last 7 years?	©no Oyes
M.	Have you declared bankruptcy within the past 7 years? If YES, Identify the type(s) of bankruptcy: □ Chapter7 □ Chapter 11	□ Chapter 12	□ Chapter 13	© NO O YES
Section 6: Acknowledgments and Agreements. This section tells you about your legal obligations when you sign this application.
Definitions:
■	"Lender' includes the Lender's agents, service providers, and any of their successors and assigns.
■	"Other Loan Participants" Includes (i) any actual or potential owners of a loan resulting from this application (the "Loan"), (li) acquirers of any beneficial or other Interest in the Loan, (lii) any mortgage Insurer, (Iv) any guarantor, (v) any servicer of the Loan, and (vi) any of these parties' service providers, successors or assigns.
I agree to, acknowledge, and represent the following:
(1)	The Complete Information for this Application
■	The information I have provided in this application is true, accurate, and complete as of the date I signed this application.
■	If the information I submitted changes or I have new information before closing of the Loan, I must change and supplement this application, including providing any updated/supplemented real estate sales contract.
■	For purchase transactions: The terms and conditions of any real estate sales contract signed by me In connection with this application are tars, accurate, and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief. I have not entered Into any other agreement, written or oral, in connection with this real estate transaction,
» The Lender and Other Loan Participants may rely on the information contained in the application before and after closing of the Loan.
■	Any intentional or negligent misrepresentation of information may result In the imposition of:
(a)	civil liability on me, including monetary damages, if a person suffers any loss because the person relied on any misrepresentation that t have made on this application, and/or
(b)	criminal penalties on me including, but not limited to, fine or imprisonment or both under the provisions of Federal law (18 U.S.C. §§ 1001 et seq.).
(2)	The Property's Security
The Loan I have applied for in this application will be secured by a
mortgage or deed of trust which provides the Lender a security
interest in the property described in this application.
(3)	The Property's Appraisal, Value, and Condition
■	Any appraisal or value of the property obtained by the Lender is for use by the Lender and Other Loan Participants.
* The Lender and Other Loan Participants have not made any representation or warranty, express or Implied, to me about the property, its condition, or Its value.
(4)	Electronic Records and Signatures
■	The Lender and Other Loan Participants may keep any paper record and/or electronic record of this application, whether or not the Loan is approved.
« If this application is created as (or converted Into) an "electronic application", I consent to the use of”electronic records" and "electronic signatures" as the terms are defined in and governed by applicable Federal and/or state electronic transactions laws.
• I intend to sign and have signed this application either using my:
(a)	electronic signature; or
(b)	a written signature and agree that if a paper version of this application is converted Into an electronic application, the application will be an electronic record, and the representation of my written signature on this application will be my binding electronic signature.
■	1 agree that the application, if delivered or transmitted to the Lender or Other Loan Participants as an electronic record with my electronic signature, will be as effective and enforceable as a paper application signed by me in writing.
(5)	Delinquency
■	The Lender and Other Loan Participants may report information about my account to credit bureaus. Late payments, missed payments, or other defaults on my account may be reflected in my credit report and will likely affect my credit score.
■	If I have trouble making my payments I understand that I may contact a HUD-approved housing counseling organization for advice about actions I can take to meet my mortgage obligations.
(6)	Authorization for Use and Sharing of Information
By signing below, in addition to the representations and agreements made above, I expressly authorize the Lender and Other Loan Participants to obtain, use, and share with each other (i) the Loan application and related loan information and documentation, (li) a consumer credit report on me, and (ill) my tax return information, as necessary to perform the actions listed below, for so long as they have an Interest In my loan or Its servicing:
(a)	process and underwrite my loan;
(b)	verify any data contained In my consumer credit report, my loan application and other information supporting my loan application;
(c)	inform credit and investment decisions by the Lender and Other Loan Participants;
(d)	perform audit, quality control, and legal compliance analysis and reviews;
(e)	perform analysis and modeling for risk assessments;
(f)	monitor the account for this loan for potential delinquencies and determine any assistance that may be available to me; and
(g)	other actions permissible under applicable law.
Borrower Signature	—
Date (mm/dd/yyyy)
Additional Borrower Signature
Date (mm/dd/yyyy)
Acknowledgments and Agreements
Military Service of Borrower
Military Service - Did you (or your deceased spouse) ever serve, or are you currently serving, h the United States Armed Forces? © NO 0 YES If YES, check all that apply:	□ Currently serving on active duty with projected expiration date of servlce/tour 	(mm/dd/yyyy)
□	Currently retired, discharged, or separated from service
□	Only period of service was a non-activated member of the Reserve on National Guard
□	Surviving spouse
Section 8: Demographic Information. This section asks about your ethnicity, sex, and race.
Demographic Information of Borrower
The purpose of collecting this Information Is to help ensure that all applicants are treated fairly and that the housing needs of communities and neighborhoods are being fulfilled. For residential mortgage lending, Federal law requires that we ask applicants for their demographic information (ethnicity, sex, and race) in order to monitor our compliance with equal credit opportunity, fair housing, and home mortgage disclosure laws. You are not required to provide this information, but are encouraged to do so. You may select one or more designations for "Ethnicity" and one or more designations for "Race." The law provides that we may not discriminate on the basis of this Information, or on whether you choose to provide It. However, if you choose not to provide the information and you have made this application In person, Federal regulations require us to note your ethnicity, sex, and race on the basis of visual observation or surname. The law also provides that we may not discriminate on the basis of age or marital status Information you provide in this application.
Race
(3 American Indian or Alaska Native - Enter name of enrolled
or principal tribe: United Tribe	
□	Asian
□ Aslan Indian □ Chinese □ Filipino
□ Japanese	□ Korean □ Vietnamese
□	Other Asian - Enter race:	
Examples: Hmong, Laotian, Thai, Pakistani, Cambodian, etc.
□	Black or African American
□	Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander
□	Native Hawaiian O Guamanian or Chamorro (3 Samoan
□	Other Pacific Islander - Enter race:
Ethnicity
□	Hispanic or Latino
□	Mexican □ Puerto FJican (3 Cuban
□	Other Hispanic or Latino - Enter origin:
Examples: Argentinean, Colombian, Dominican, Nicaraguan,
Salvadoran, Spaniard, etc.
[3 Not Hispanic or Latino
□	1 do not wish to provide this information
Sex
□	Female (3 Male
□	I do not wish to provide this information
Examples: Fijian, Tongan, etc.
□	White
□	I do not wish to provide this information
Instructions: You may select one or more "Hispanic or Latino" origins and one or more designations for" Race." if you do not wish to provide some or all of this information, select the applicable check box.
O NO O YES O NO O YES O NO O YES
To Be Completed by Financial Institution (for application taken In person):
Was the ethnicity of the Borrower collected on the basis of visual observation or surname? Was the sex of the Borrower collected on the basis of visual observation or surname?
Was the race of the Borrower collected on the basis of visual observation or surname?
The Demographic Information was provided through:
□ Face-to-Face Interview (includes Electronic Media w/Video Component) □ Telephone Interview □ Fax or Mail [3 Email or Internet
Loan Originator Information
Loan Originator Organization Name Caliver Beach Mortgage LLC	
Address 500 Redland Court Suite 300, Owings Mills, Maryland 21117	
Loan Originator Organization NMLSR ID #	1434247	State License ID #		
Loan Originator Name Drew Hittner Hittner	
Loan Originator NMLSR ID # 1722921			State License ID # N°ne	
Email drewht5icaliverbeach.com			Phone (480) 405-0893
Signature
Date (mm/dd/yyyy) 09/04/2024
Uniform Residential Loan Application - Unmarried Addendum
For Borrower Selecting the Unmarried Status
Lenders Instructions for Using the Unmarried Addendum
The Lender may use the Unmarried Addendum only when a Borrower selected " Unmarried" in Section 1 and the information collected is necessary to determine how State property laws directly or indirectly affecting creditworthiness apply, including ensuring clear title.
For example, the Lender may use the Unmarried Addendum when the Borrower resides In a State that recognizes civil unions, domestic partnerships, or registered reciprocal beneficiary relationships or when the "property is located in such a State. "State" means any state, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, or any territory or possession of the United States.
If you selected "Unmarried" In Section 1, is there a person who is not your legal spouse but who currently has real property rights similar to those of a legal spouse? O NO O YES
If YES, indicate the type of relationship and the State in which the relationship was formed. For example, indicate if you are in a civil union, domestic partnership, registered reciprocal beneficiary relationship, or other relationship recognized by the State In which you currently reside or where the property is located.
O Civil Union O Domestic Partnership O Registered Reciprocal Beneficiary Relationship O Other (explain) 	
State: 	
Page 9 of 9
Uniform Residential Loan Application - Lender Loan Information
This section is completed by your Lender.
Refinance Type O No Cash Out O Limited Cash Out 0 Cash Out
Community Property State
|X) At least one borrower lives in a community property state. [XI The property is In a community property state.
Transaction Detail
□	Conversion of Contract for Deed or Land Contract O Renovation
□	Construction-Conversion/Construction-to-Permanent O Single-Closing O Two-Closing
Construction/lmprovement Costs $ 	
Lot Acquired Date 	 (mm/dd/yyyy)
Original Cost of Lot $				
Project Type
Refinance Program O Full Documentation O Interest Rate Reduction O Streamlined without Appraisal O Other	
Energy Improvement
□	Mortgage loan will finance energy-related improvements.
□	Property is currently subject to a lien that could take priority over the first mortgage lien, such as a clean energy lien paid through property taxes (e.g., the Property Assessed Clean Energy program).
L1. Property and Loan Information
L2. Title Information		
Title to the Property Will be Held in What Name(s):		For Refinance: Title to the Property Is Currently Held in What Name(s):
Estate Will be Held In © Fee Simple 0 Leasehold Expiration Date 	(mm/dd/yyyy) Manner in Which Title Will be Held 0 Sole Ownership	0 Joint Tenancy with Right of Survivorship O Life Estate	O Tenancy by the Entirety 0 Tenancy in Common © Other		Trust Information 0 Title Will be Held by an Inter Vivos (Living) Trust 0 Title Will be Held by a Land Trust Indian Country Land Tenure 0 Fee Simple On a Reservation O Individual Trust Land (Allotted/Ftestrlcted) 0 Tribal Trust Land On a Reservation 0 Tribal Trust Land Off Reservation 0 Alaska Native Corporation Land
□ Condominium Q Cooperative [3 Planned Unit Development (PUD) □ Property is not located in a project
L3. Mortgage Loan Information
DUE FROM BORROWERS)		
A. Sales Contract Price	$	1,600,000.00
B. Improvements, Renovations, and Repairs	$	0.00
C. Land (If acquired separately)	$	0.00
D. For Refinance: Balance of Mortgage Loans on the Property to be paid off in the Transaction (See Table 3a. Property You Own)	$	0.00
E. Credit Cards and Other Debts Paid Off (See Table 2c. Liabilities - Credit Cards, Other Debts, and Leases that You Owe)	$	0.00
F. Borrower Closing Costs (Including Prepaid and Initial Escrow Payments)	$	133,553.04
G. Discount Points	$	0.00
H. TOTAL DUE FROM BORROWER(s) (Total of A thru G)	$	1,733,553.04
TOTAL MORTGAGE LOANS		
1, Loan Amount Loan Amount Excluding Financed Mortgage Insurance (or Mortgage Insurance Equivalent) $	1,440,000.00 Financed Mortgage Insurance (or Mortgage Insurance Equivalent) Amount $	0.00	$	1,440,000.00
J. Other New Mortgage Loans on the Property the Borrowers) is Buying or Refinancing (See Table 4b. Other New Mortgage Loans on the Property You are Buying or Refinancing)	J	0.00
K. TOTAL M ORTGAGE LOANS (Total of 1 and J)	$	1,440,000.00
TOTAL CREDITS		
L Seller Credits (Enter the amount of Borrower(s) costs paid by the property seller)	$	87,720.39
M. Other Credits (Enter the sum of all other credits - Borrower Paid Fees, Earnest Money, Employer Assisted Housing, Lease Purchase Fund, Lot Equity, Relocation Funds, Sweat Equity, Trade Equity, Other)	$	24,650.00
N. TOTAL CREDITS (Total of L and M)	$	112,370.39
CALCULATION		
TOTAL DUE FROM BORROWER(s) (Line H)	$	1,733,553.04
LESS TOTAL MORTGAGE LOANS (Une K) AND TOTAL CREDITS (Line N)	-$	1,552,370.39
Cash From/To the Borrower (Une H minus Une K and Une N) NOTE: This amount does not Include reserves or other funds that may be required by the Lender to be verified.	$	181,182.65
11,585.53
566.17
187.49
1,714.92
144.00
14,198,11
Mortgage Type Applied For © Conventional	O USDA-RD
0 FHA O VA O Other Amortization Type
© Fixed Rate O Other (explain): 	
O Adjustable Rate If Adjustable Rate:
Initial Period Prior to First Adjustment 	 (months)
Subsequent Adjustment Period 	 (months)
Loan Features
□	Balloon/Balloon Term 	 (months)
□	Interest Only/lnterest Only Term 	 (months)
□	Negative Amortization
□	Prepayment Penalty/Prepayment Penalty Term	 (months)
□	Temporary Interest Rate Buydown/lnitia! Buydown Rate	%
□	Other (explain): 	 	 		
Terms of Loan	Mortgage Uen Type	
Note Rate	8.999	%	© First Lien	
Loan Term 360	(months)	O Subordinate Uen	
Proposed Monthly Payment for Property		
First Mortgage (P & 1)		$
Subordinate Llen(s) (P & 1)		$
Homeowner's Insurance		$
Supplemental Property Insurance		$
Property Taxes		$
Mortgage Insurance		$
Associatlon/Project Dues (Condo, Co-Op, PUD)		$
Other		$
TOTAL		$
Conditional Loan Approval			
It Is a pleasure to Inform you that your loan has been approved subject to the conditions listed below.			
| Lender'	' :		•	.v,\	I;*■	,'f.	’ ';:	■ ■'.v '■			
Callver Beach Mortgage LLC		Date:	09/03/2024
500 Redland Court Suite 300		File Name:	7505337
Owings Mills, MD 21117		Loan Officer:	Drew Hlttner Hittner
		Processor:	Julie Johnson
Phone:	(410)753-0177	Fax:	Underwriter:	Suzanne Duong
Subject Property		|	(Borrowers	
Address:	5981 Hudson Sail Circle		Borrower:	Tin	Dllow Ir
Fort Worth, TX 76179		Co-Borrower:	
Type:	PUD			
Loan Information	‘:	='	|			
Loan Program: Mortgage Type: Loan Purpose: Lock Exp, Date:
DSI_CONV - ALL FIXED LOANS
Conventional
Purchase
09/30/2024
Sales Price/Value: Appraised Value: Base Loan Amount: Total Loan Amount:
$1,600,000.00 $ 1,600,000.00 $ 1,440,000,00 $ 1,440,000.00
Occupancy:	Primary Residence
LTV:	90.000 %
Cleared	No.	Type	Condition	’ v
08/28/2024	4101	PTD	The following conditions must be provided upfront and PRIOR to Acra Lending review of any additional conditions. 1) Previous 12 mos bank statements for TR Music Group (City National Bank # 0045 ) to verify income pattern. ** Subject to additional conditions and requal/reprice
08/28/2024	4105	PTD	BROKER - All doc expiration dates must have a minimum of 8 days remaining from the day that ALL other PTDs are cleared by UW; Broker to submit updated Items along with final PTDs. “Refer to Expiration Dates section listed on Approval.
08/26/2024	4209	PTD	Verification of Rent covering the last 12 months. 1)	Legible copy of twelve (12) months canceled checks (front and back) or money orders amount of checks / money orders must be consistent and match the amount of monthly rent reflected on the 1003. OR 2)	Bank Statements for the last twelve (12) months which consistently show payment made for rent amount. 3)	Verification of Rent (VOR) or a rating from credit reporting agency if from rental agency ** 08/22/24 * Reecv VOR from Lee's Elite Enterprise. ~ Document to support that Lee's Elite Enterpirse is the property manager for s/p owner: John Lupo ** First time Home Buyer guidelines apply **
08/26/2024	4300	PTD	Picture Identification (drivers llcense/passport) and copy of social security card or fully executed SSA-89 results (SSA-89 requires original signature and date) - Document number, issue and expiration dates must be legible
08/26/2024	4400	PTD	Complete original appraisal with interlor/exterior photos of subject & comps ordered through CSC approved AMC, “If Manufactured Home, Form 1004C required. PDF and XML format required. If appraisal was ordered after Acras Intent to Proceed date, broker to obtain and provide the appraisal Invoice from the AMC. If the appraisal was completed prior to Acra submission date. Acra attestation section of the submission form must be completed OR a processor cert stating that the appraisal was ordered within TRID compliance will be required. ALL ITEMS ABOVE TO BE PROVIDED CONCURRENTLY “CSC will determine requirement of an Interior BPO after review of the appraisal**
08/26/2024	4402	PTD	Desk Review required; Acra lending will order. Additional conditions may apply. *Note: There Is no borrower cost associated with the Desk Review.
08/26/2024	4410	PTD	“8/22/24 Satisfactory Flood Certification & Determination (to be pulled by Acra). File is subject to flood insurance policy if deteppiried'to be in a flood zone. Additional conditions may apply.
Signature			‘ate:
Note Rate:	8.999 % Qualifying Rate:	8.999 %	CLTV:	90.000 %
Term:	360 months	HCLTV: 90.000 %
08/22/2024	4500	PTD	Full Alta 2006, 2016 Preliminary Title Report or ALTA Extended Policy (7-1-21) with 24 month chain of title and plat map/survey.	\
08/26/2024	4501	PTD	Provide Settlement Statement from closing agent "Must include all pages and show the most updated fees
08/26/2024	4509	PTD	NEW CONSTRUCTION: Provide Certificate of Occupancy/Completion from local municipality.
08/22/2024	4514	PTD	Provide a 3rd party Tax Cert that includes all Property Taxing Entities (City, County, Municipal Utility District (MUD), School, Borough, Township, etc,) and Millage rate. Tax Cert/TCD Report in file does not contain all taxing entities. "Required if subject property is in New Jersey, Pennsylvania or Texas.
08/22/2024	4515	PTD	Title to provide Survey. If Survey is not current, older survey (within 10 years) and affidavit may be provided. T-19 Endorsement will be required on all Texas loans. Additional conditions may apply.
08/22/2024	4600	PTD	Proof of self-employment for the last two years to include ownership percentage of Applicant(s) of their company (If not 100% owned by Appllcant(s) include list of all other entities with greater than or equal to 10% interest and those parties ownership percentages). If using Tax Preparers Letter, MUST be on tax preparers letterhead, signed and dated and Include the following: (I) tax preparer's relationship to the business; (ii) personal knowledge of the length of time the business has been in existence; and (ill) percentage of borrowers ownership in the business entity. Tax preparer MUST provide their license verification from municipal, state or federal licensing boards or proof of their business existence.
08/16/2024	4601	PTD	Borrower to provide signed LOE on the name of their business, how it is set up (Inc., LLC, etc), what their business does and the number of employees.
08/26/2024	4700	PTD	Closing asset documentation: 1) Two most recent months of Personal bank statements verifying sufficient liquid assets for closing. 2)	An image of the $1 OK EMD payment, bank statement showing check cleared or copy of wire receipt with borrower name and bank Info 3)	An escrow deposit receipt.
08/22/2024	4705	PTD	Business funds from acct# 0045 and acct $5156 is used for down payment and or closing cost, provide: — Signed/dated letter from the borrower regarding use of business funds for closing costs and/or down payment will not adversely affect the business operations. —Proof Sole owner of the
08/26/2024	4708	PTD	Most recent two months personal asset statements for reserve requirement. 6 months PITIA reserves for > 75% LTV up to 85% LTV, 12 months PITIA reserves for > 85% LTV. ’“Will be reviewed for clearance by UW once file is In underwriting for CTC
08/22/2024	4709	PTD	Complete Copy of Trust Agreement for TRX Dynasty Express Trust verifying borrower Is the exclusive trustee/beneflclary.
08/16/2024	4900	PTD	Provide purchase contract with all addenda and counter offers, fully executed by buyer and seller, Any changes made to the document are to be initiated by all parties.
08/16/2024	4901	PTD	Provide fully executed addendum(a)/counteroffer Sales Price $1.6M and seller contribution $40K
08/16/2024	4904	PTD	Provide evidence Individual signing as seller on the contract is an authorized signer for selling entity * MEY-LING PAURI for Our Country Homes “
08/26/2024	4909	PTD	Max contributions to buyers Recurring and Non-Recurring Closing Costs are 3% or 6% if LTV Is equal or less than 65% & owner occupied and the dollar amount does not exceed the total of all Recurring and Non-Recurring Closing Costs. Business Purpose Loans are limited to 3% Seller credit at all LTVs
	6012	PTF	If closing funds are coming from same personal account that is being used for reserves, provide online bank account activity ledger after closing funds have cleared the account to document that the reserve amount still meets requirements.
	8001	PTF	Standard Requirements: 1. All property taxes to be paid current In escrow; 2. Loan to be impounded for taxes/insurance; 3. Receipt and review of the above conditions may result in a change of terms or additional conditions; 4. Post disaster inspection in the event of a natural disaster Impacting the property; 5. File to be reviewed by funding department prior to funding with alerts issued for any missing or incorrect items 6. Broker owned/controlled/operated escrow/closing companies are not permitted. Except as otherwise provided by law, Acra Lending shall not be obligated or required to disperse funds until such time as funder confirms receipt of all funds to close
	8009	PTF	BROKER - ALL document expiration dates must remain CURRENT through funding (SEE DATES ABOVE); Broker to submit updated items along with final PTF conditions.
	8010	PTF	Max contributions to buyers Recurring and Non-Recurring Closing Costs are 3% or 6% if LTV is equal or less than 65% & owner occupied and the dollar amount does not exceed the total of all Recurring and Non-Recurring Closing Costs. Business Purpose Loans are limited to 3% Seller credit at all LTVs
	8105	PTF	Signed Final 1003 - Copy of Final 1003 provided with Loan Docs signed/dated by Borrower(s) and Loan Officer. NOTE: E-signatures will be accepted from brokers; Borrowers must wet sign
	8205	PTF	Warranty Deed - Settlement Agent to provide a CERTIFIED copy of the fully executed Warranty Deed. OR Quit Claim/lnterspousal Transfer Deed - Settlement Agent to provide a CERTIFIED copy of the fully executed Quit Claim Deed from Non-Borrowing Spouse.
	8206	PTF	Funds to Close - Settlement Agent to provide a copy of Borrower's Funds to Close with Receipt. NOTE: 1. All deposits must be able to be sourced from approved accts.
	8211	PTF	DOT/Mortgage - Settlement Agent to provide CERTIFIED copy of the signed Deed of Trust/Mortgage
Signature:			)ate:
	8220	PTF	Seller - Settlement Agent to provide a CERTIFIED copy of seller signed CD or ALTA Statement.
	8300	PTF	Pat. Act - USA Patriot Act Customer Identification Verification must be completed by the notary signing the Borrower(s) and include 2 forms of Identification.
	8301	PTF	TX loans: lenders T-64 executed by all parties (lenders copy of T-64 executed, title T-64 cannot replace)
	8303	PTF	Closing Inst. - Lender's Closing Instructions (3 parts) -Signed by all parties: 1. General Closing Instructions (signed by Settlement Agent) 2. Specific Closing Instructions (signed/dated by Borrower(s) and Settlement Agent) 3. Addendum(s) to Closing Instructions (signed/dated by Settlement Agent) NOTE: Settlement Agent must execute Instructions without modification.
	8400	PTF	..................,.......,.pR|0R T0 FUNDING AND/OR DISBURSEMENT***"******"*"*"*****" Please provide the following items for review: 1. Copy of entire fully executed Acra Lending Closing Document Package. NOTE: Copies of the NOTE and Mortgage (Deed) must be CERTIFIED. 2. CERTIFIED copy of fully executed Warranty (Grant) Deed. 3. CERTIFIED copy of Fully executed Final CD. 4. Fully executed Final Typed 1003. 5. Copies of all Funds deposited by Borrower for Closing. NOTE: All deposits must be able to be sourced from UW approved accounts. 6. Any outstanding PTF Conditions listed on the Prior to Funding Condition List for Wet State,
	8401	PTF	Do not disburse funds without the funders authorization
	8403	PTF	Acra Lending requires proof of receipt/tracklng number to the original signed loan documents. Must be delivered 24 hours after the close.
08/28/2024	15002	AM - CD/DOC	Broker to confirm loan fees on Fee Validation email sent by Account Manager. *terms must match current approval
08/28/2024	15003	AM - CD/DOC	Settlement Agent Contact Information and Settlement Statement reflecting fees to be disclosed on CD 'Combined Buyer/Seller statement required for Purchases; terms must match approval
08/26/2024	15006	AM - CD/DOC	Borrower must acknowledge receipt of all valuation items (Appraisal(s), Appraisal Analysis, BPO (if applicable). "Lender will disclose Appraisal to borrower.
08/21/2024	15014	AM - CD/DOC	Purchase Contract Listlng/Selling agent information: Must show State Licensing information/License number, name, address, phone number and email for agent and agents office. If contract does not show this information It must be provided by separate method.
08/23/2024	16002	AM - PTD	Acra Lending Signed Notice of Intent to Proceed with Loan Application form or email notification of borrower's Intent to Proceed.
08/23/2024	16003	AM - PTD	Closing/Settlement Agent must be either (1) a major title company or (2) underwritten by a major title company 1. Acra TM to obtain Agent Verification upon receipt of the following: Wire Instructions to Include one specific loan identifier (le; title order#, borrower's name, loan number or subject address). In addition, CPL and Title Loss Payee to reflect Citadel Servicing Corp. dba Acra Lending, ISAOA/ATIMA- 3 Ada Parkway #200A, Irvine, CA 92618/ loan #/ borrower name, CPL Cleared Title co needs to be approved with Funding Shield
08/21/2024	16005	AM - PTD	1. Broker to provide credit report invoice 2, Broker to provide appraisal involce(s)
08/22/2024	16006	AM - PTD	Fully Executed Acra Authorization for Automatic Mortgage Payment form AND copy of a voided check/bank print out with acct#/ABA# *ACH is required for loans closing in an Entity; If loan is not closing in the name of an Entity, the form must still be completed to elect yes (with voided check or stmt) or no and sign/dated. A $250 credit will be applied at funding to non-entity loans with ACH set up. 8/21 acct # does not appear to match the statements we have in the file
08/21/2024	16007	AM - PTD	Vesting to be provided to show exact way borrower(s) will take title. This will be used to draw loan documents
08/21/2024	16008	AM - PTD	If the borrower is using a POA (Power of Attorney), all items listed must be satisfied: 1. Executed copy of Specific POA (can not accept Durable POA). If signed outside of US, must be executed at US Embassy 2. Title to acknowledge they have reviewed and approved POA; that POA will be recorded concurrently with the Security Instrument; that they will provide a recorded copy of the POA to Acra Lending 3. Relationship letter and explanation for reason using POA 4. Copy of ID for Attorney in Fact (may not be a party to the transaction)
08/21/2024	16011	AM - PTD	Hazard insurance coverage equal to replacement or guaranteed replacement cost. Max deductible 5.0% of the face value of the dwelling coverage amount, but no more than $50,000.12 months paid coverage required on purch, 6 on refi. If subject is a rental, 6 months gross rental Income rent loss insurance coverage will be required if rental income is being used to qualify. At minimum, Rent loss coverage should be to the lessor of (a) PITIA or (b) rent received/scheduled. "If the perils of Wind or Windstorm are excluded from policy coverage, a separate policy of coverage for Wind or Windstorm, must be provided. Hazard insurance must be current and show loss payable to Citadel Servicing Corporation dba Acra Lending, ISAOA/ATIMA, PO Box 29411, Phoenix, AZ 85038-9411. Policy should reference the loan number, borrowers name and address. Only the borrowers on the loan and on title can be named on the hazard insurance policy.
08/21/2024	16013	AM - PTD	Flood Insurance coverage equal to loan amount (or $250,000 generally Is the max), 100% replacement or guaranteed replacement cost. Max deductible 2.50% of the face value of the dwelling coverage amount, but no more than $5000.12 months paid coverage required on purch, 6 on refi. Flood insurance must be current and show loss payee as Citadel Servicing Corporation dba Acra Lending, ISAOA/ATIMA, PO Box 29411, Phoenix, AZ 85038-9411. Policy should reference the loan number, borrowers name and address. Only the borrowers on the loan and on title can be named on the flood Insurance policy. 8/21 city on property address does not match what is i n the system Ioanns incorrect
Signature			Date:	}0 {2D2.lj
FROM: CITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING 3 ADA PARKWAY, SUITE 200A IRVINE, CALIFORNIA 92618	Document Date: September 4, 2024 Closing Date: September 4, 2024	
TO: Worth National Title Agency LLC DBO McKnight Title 4916 Camp Bowie Blvd Fort Worth, Texas 76107 (817) 228-2461 ATTN: Tammy Stone	Disbursement: September 4, Case No.: Loan No.: 7505337 App. No.:	2024
R	Order No.: CB-11697-TS	
	Escrow No.: CB-11697-TS	
Property Address: 5981 Hudson Sail Circle Fort Worth, Texas 76179		
SPECIFIC CLOSING INSTRUCTIONS
LOAN DOCUMENTS:
We enclose the following documents necessary to complete t (X) Note
(X) Deed of Trust (X) Planned Unit Dev. Rider (X) Payment Letter (X) Hazard Ins. Req.
X) Initial Escrow Acct. Disc. Stmt.
X) Impound Auth.
Deliver one (1) copy of all loan documents to the Borrower(s); Statement or Closing Disclosure (as applicable) to each Born above referenced loan transaction:
IX) Consumer Credit Score Disclosure X) Patriot Act
X) Acknowledgement Disclosure X) Cover Page X) Notices
X) Closing Instructions
SEE ATTACHED SUPPLEMENTAL CLOSING INSTRUCTIONS liver one (1) copy of the Federal Truth-In-Lending Disclosure
LOAN TERMS:
Loan Amount: 1,440,000.00 Initial Advance:
Sales Price: 1,600,000.00 Term (Months): 360 Interest Rate: 8.999 Initial Payment: 11,585.53 First Payment Date: 11/01/24 Last Payment Date: 10/01/54
ARM Loan: (	) Yes (X ) No
Index:
Margin:
Periodic Rate Cap:
Lifetime Rate Cap:
Lifetime Rate Floor:
Interest Change Date:
Payment Change Date:
Loan Purpose: PURCHASE
PAYOFF REQUIREMENTS:
It is a condition to the funding of this loan that the following payoffs be made through this closing. Indicate payoffs on the HUD-1 Settlement Statement or Closing Disclosure (as applicable) or provide other satisfactory evidence of payoff:
CONDITIONS TO BE SATISFIED PRIOR TO DISBURSEMENT OF LOAN PROCEEDS:
If closing funds are coming from same personal account that is being used for reserves, provide online bank account activity ledger after closing funds have cleared the account to document that the reserve amount still meets requirements.
**SEE ATTACHED ADDENDUM TO CLOSING INSTRUCTIONS**
TITLE INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS:
You are authorized to use funds for the account of the Borrowers and to record all instruments when you comply with the following:
1.	THIS LOAN MUST RECORD IN 1ST LIEN POSITION ON OR PRIOR TO THE DISBURSEMENT DATE NOTED ABOVE. PROVIDE DUPLICATE ORIGINALS OF THE ALTA TITLE POLICY.
2.	Vesting to read: Edward Riley, An Unmarried Man
3.	Title Policy must contain the following endorsements (or their equivalents): T-3, T-19, T-30, T-36, T-17
4.	ALTA Title Policy must be free from liens, encumbrances, easements, encroachments and other title matters except (i) the lien of our loan in the amount of our loan on the property described herein showing the Instrument or Document Number and the date of recording of the Security Instrument; (ii) general, specific, state, county, city, school or other taxes and assessments not yet due or payable: 2024 - All taxes must be paid current.
(iii) other items as permitted by us; and (iv) the following items as shown on the preliminary title report, commitment, binder or equivalent dated June 17, 2024: None
5.	Final Title policies must be Full ALTA Short forms are not accepted.
SPECIFIC CLOSING INSTRUCTIONS SCI417860.CST 03/13/24
SECONDARY FINANCING:
has been approved.
amount	POC.	paid by
106.50	0.00	Borrower
28,800.00	0.00	Borrower
1,500.00	0.00	Borrower
1,750.00	0.00	Borrower
595.00	0.00	Borrower
175.00	0.00	Borrower
250.00	0.00	Seller
7,480.00	0.00	Borrower
10.66	0.00	Borrower
595.00	0.00	Seller
449.00	0,00	Borrower
Secondary financing in the amount of $ NONE
ESTIMATE OF FEES AND COSTS:
Credit Report Fee to: Factual Data Mortgage Broker Fee to: Caliver Beach Mortgage LLC Processing Fee to: Caliver Beach Mortgage LLC Underwriting Fee to: Acra Lending Title - Settlement Agent Fee to: Worth National Title Agency LLC DBO McKnight Title Title - Document Preparation to: The McKnight Title
Title - Document Preparation to: The McKnight Title
Title - Lender Coverage to: Worth Nationl Title Agency, LLC DBA McKnight Title Title - Electronic Recording Fee to: The McKnight Title
Settlement Fee - Seller to: Worth National Title Agency LLC DBO McKnight Title Title - Endorsement Fee to: Worth Nationl Title Agency, LLC DBA McKnight Title
91,149.61
Subtotal of Estimated Fees and Costs: $.
PER DIEM INTEREST:
From: 09/04/24
(Anticipated Closing Dole)
	27	 (jayS at $	
To: 10/01/24
359.9600
per day
Subtotal of Per Diem Interest:
9,718.92
IMPOUNDS/ESCROWS:
Impound/escrow checks should be made payable to and sent to us together with the original final HUD-1 Settlement Statement or Closing Disclosure (as applicable).
HAZARD INSURANCE	4	month(s)		566.17 DerMonth =
COUNTY PROPERTY TAX	13	month(s)		1,714.92 per Month =
FLOOD INSURANCE	4	month(s)	at $	187.49 per Month =
		month(s)	at $	per Month =
		_ month(s)		per Month _
		month(s)	at $	per Month ~
Aggregate Escrow Adjustment:
2,264.68 22,263.96 	749765
-2,260.98
Impound Subtotal: Mortgage Ins
Premium:
TOTAL OF FEES AND COSTS:
23,047,62
123,916.15
HUD-1 SETTLEMENT STATEMENT OR CLOSING DISCLOSURE:
The final HUD-1 Settlement Statement or Closing Disclosure (as applicable) must be completed at settlement and must accurately reflect all receipts and disbursements indicated in these closing instructions and any amended closing instructions subsequent hereto. If any changes to fees occur documents may need to be re-drawn and re-signed. Fax a certified copy of the final HUD-1 Settlement Statement or Closing Disclosure (as applicable) to CITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING @ (949) 313-0912 Attention: Quality Assurance Send the original final HUD-1 Settlement Statement or Closing Disclosure (as applicable) to us at the following address within 24 hours of settlement:	3 ADA PARKWAY, SUITE 200A, IRVINE, CALIFORNIA 92618
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: BORROWER MUST SIGN AND DATE THESE CLOSING INSTRUCTIONS.
If for any reason this loan does not close within 48 hours of your receipt of funds, immediately return all documents to Lender and wire all funds only to: CITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING 3 ADA PARKWAY, SUITE 200A, IRVINE, CALIFORNIA 92618
If you have any questions regarding any of these instructions, please contact CITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING	a(949) 900-6630
BORROWER ACKNOWLEDGMENT: I/We have read and acknowledged receipt of these Closing Instructions.
Borrower
ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED:
Tate
Settlement Agent	Date
Tammy Stone
SPECIFIC CLOSING INSTRUCTIONS SCI417860.CST 03/13/24
Exhibit “A”
Property Description
Lot 4, Block 22, THE RESORT ON EAGLE MOUNTAIN LAKE ADDITION, an Addition to the City of Fort Worth, Extra Territorial Jurisdiction, Tarrant County, Texas, according to the Map/Plat thereof recorded in Instrument No. D221265956, Plat Records, Tarrant County, Texas.
MIN: 100741900075053374
Loan Number: 7505337
PLANNED UNIT DEVELOPMENT RIDER
THIS PLANNED UNIT DEVELOPMENT RIDER is made this	4th	day of
September 2024	, and is incorporated into and amends and supplements the Mortgage,
Mortgage Deed, Deed of Trust, or Security Deed (the "Security Instrument") of the same date, given by the undersigned (the "Borrower") to secure Borrower's Note toCITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING, A CORPORATION
(the "Lender") of the same date and covering the Property described in the Security Instrument and located at:
5981 Hudson Sail Circle, Fort Worth, Texas 76179
[Property Address]
The Property includes, but is not limited to, a parcel of land improved with a dwelling, together with other such parcels and certain common areas and facilities, as described in COVENANTS, CONDITIONS AND RESTRICTIONS OF RECORD
(the "Declaration"). The Property is a part of a planned unit development known as
The Resort on Eagle Mountain
[Name of Planned Unit Development]
(the "PUD"). The Property also includes Borrower's interest in the homeowners association or equivalent entity owning or managing the common areas and facilities of the PUD (the "Owners Association") and the uses, benefits and proceeds of Borrower's interest.
PUD COVENANTS. In addition to the representations, warranties, covenants, and agreements made in the Security Instrument, Borrower and Lender further covenant and agree as follows:
A.	PUD Obligations. Borrower will perform all of Borrower's obligations under the PUD's Constituent Documents. The "Constituent Documents" are the (i) Declaration; (ii) articles of incorporation, trust instrument or any equivalent document which creates the Owners Association; and
(iii)	any by-laws or other rules or regulations of the Owners Association. Borrower will promptly pay, when due, all dues and assessments imposed pursuant to the Constituent Documents.
ADocMagic
MULTISTATE PUD RIDER - Single Family
Single Family - Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT Form 3150 07/2021	Page 1 of 3
B.	Property Insurance. So long as the Owners Association maintains, with a generally accepted insurance carrier, a "master" or "blanket" policy insuring the Property which is satisfactory to Lender and which provides insurance coverage in the amounts (including deductible levels), for the periods, and against loss by fire, hazards included within the term "extended coverage," and any other hazards, including, but not limited to, earthquakes, winds, and floods, for which Lender requires insurance, then (i) Lender waives the provision in Section 3 for the portion of the Periodic Payment made to Lender consisting of the yearly premium installments for property insurance on the Property, and (ii) Borrower's obligation under Section 5 to maintain property insurance coverage on the Property is deemed satisfied to the extent that the required coverage is provided by the Owners Association policy.
What Lender requires as a condition of this waiver can change during the term of the loan.
Borrower will give Lender prompt notice of any lapse in required property insurance coverage provided by the master or blanket policy.
In the event of a distribution of property insurance proceeds in lieu of restoration or repair following a loss to the Property, or to common areas and facilities of the PUD, any proceeds payable to Borrower are hereby assigned and will be paid to Lender. Lender will apply the proceeds to the sums secured by the Security Instrument, whether or not then due, with the excess, if any, paid to Borrower.
C.	Public Liability Insurance. Borrower will take such actions as may be reasonable to insure that the Owners Association maintains a public liability insurance policy acceptable in form, amount, and extent of coverage to Lender.
D.	Condemnation. The proceeds of any award or claim for damages, direct or consequential, payable to Borrower in connection with any condemnation or other taking of ail or any part of the Property or the common areas and facilities of the PUD, or for any conveyance in lieu of condemnation, are hereby assigned and will be paid to Lender. Such proceeds will be applied by Lender to the sums secured by the Security Instrument as provided in Section 1 2
E.	Lender's Prior Consent. Borrower will not, except after notice to Lender and with Lender's prior written consent, either partition or subdivide the Property or consent to: (i) the abandonment or termination of the PUD, except for abandonment or termination required by law in the case of substantial destruction by fire or other casualty or in the case of a taking by condemnation or eminent domain; (ii) any amendment to any provision of the Constituent Documents unless the provision is for the express benefit of Lender; (iii) termination of professional management and assumption of selfmanagement of the Owners Association; or (iv) any action which would have the effect of rendering the public liability insurance coverage maintained by the Owners Association unacceptable to Lender.
F.	Remedies. If Borrower does not pay PUD dues and assessments when due, then Lender may pay them. Any amounts disbursed by Lender under this paragraph F will become additional debt of Borrower secured by the Security Instrument. Unless Borrower and Lender agree to other terms of payment, these amounts will bear interest from the date of disbursement at the Note rate and will be payable, with interest, upon notice from Lender to Borrower requesting payment.
^DocMagic
MULTISTATE PUD RIDER - Single Family
Single Family - Fannie Mae/Freddle Mac UNIFORM INSTRUMENT Form 3150 07/2021	Page 2 of 3
BORROWER'S CERTIFICATION, AUTHORIZATION AND CONSENT
Loan Number: 7505337 Date: September 4, 2024
Provided By: CITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING Borrowe
Property Address: 5981 Hudson Sail Circle, Fort Worth, Texas 76179
CERTIFICATION
The undersigned certify the following:
I have applied for a mortgage loan. In applying for the loan, I completed a loan application containing information on the purpose of the loan, the amount and source of the down payment, employment and income information, and assets and liabilities. I certify that all of the information is true and complete. I made no misrepresentations in the loan application or other documents, nor did I omit any pertinent information.
I understand and agree that Lender reserves the right to change the mortgage loan review process. This may include verifying the information provided on the application.
I fully understand that it is a Federal crime punishable by fine or imprisonment, or both, to knowingly make any false statements when applying for this mortgage, as applicable under the provisions of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1014.
AUTHORIZATION TO RELEASE INFORMATION
As part of our mortgage loan application process, Lender and Other Loan Participants, may verify information contained in my/our loan application and in other documents required in connection with the loan, either before the loan is closed or as part of its quality control program.
I authorize third parties to provide to Lender and Other Loan Participants, any and all information and documentation that they request. Such information includes, but is not limited to, employment history and income; bank, money market, and similar account balances; credit history; and copies of income tax returns.
I further authorize Lender to order a consumer credit report and verify other credit information.
BORROWER'S CERTIFICATION, AUTHORIZATION AND CONSENT BCAC.MSC 04/10/24	Page 1 of 2
CERTIFICATE OF LOANS TO ONE BORROWER
Loan Number: 7505337 Borrower(s):
Property Address: 5981 Hudson Sail Circle Fort Worth, Texas 76179
The undersigned Borrower hereby certifies and represents to CITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING	("Lender")
that the total of all loans made by said Lender to the undersigned Borrower, including the loan hereby applied for, and to all other persons and entities which are required to be included in computing said total is as follows:
(1)
(2)
This loan $ 1,440,000.00
IF NO OTHER LOANS APPLIED FOR OR MADE, YOU MUST CHECK HERE

LOAN AMOUNT
NAME OF BORROWER	LOAN NUMBER
$
$
$
$
I/We understand that the persons and entities which are required to be included are as follows:
(1)	Any person or entity that is, or that upon making of a loan will become, obligor on a loan on the security of real estate;
(2)	Nominees of such obligor;
(3)	All persons, trusts, partnerships, syndicates and corporations of which such obligor is a nominee or a beneficiary, partner, member, or record or beneficial stockholder owning ten percent or more of the capital stock, or a nominee of any of these persons;
(4)	If such obligor is a trust, partnership, syndicate or corporation, all trusts, partnerships, syndicates and corporations of which any beneficiary, partner, member of record or beneficial stockholder owning ten percent or more of the capital stock, is also a beneficiary, partner, member of record or beneficial stockholder owning ten percent or more of the capital stock of such obligor and;
(5)	Members of the immediate family of any borrower.
CERTIFICATE OF LOANS TO ONE BORROWER COLTOB.MSC 05/04/18
Each of the undersigned, including, where the borrower is a corporation or partnership, each of the persons executing this certificate on behalf of such corporation or partnership, hereby certifies under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct.
Executed at Worth National Title Agency LLC DBO McKnight Title 4916 Camp Bowie Blvd Fort Worth, Texas 76107
CERTIFICATE OF LOANS TO ONE BORROWER COLTOB.MSC 05/04/18
HAZARD INSURANCE AUTHORIZATION AND REQUIREMENTS
Loan Number: 7505337 Date: September 4, 2024 Escrow Number: CB-11697-TS
Escrow Company: Worth National Title Agency LLC DBO McKnight Title
Provided By: CITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING (NMLS # 144549)
Borrower's Name(s):
Property Address: 5981 Hudson Sail Circle Fort Worth, Texas 76179
Listed below are Lender's policies and procedures, and minimum requirements, for the Hazard Insurance which must be provided covering the subject property.
1.	Coverage must equal the lesser of the following:
•	100% of the insurable value of the improvements, as established by the property insurer, or
•	the unpaid principal balance of the mortgage, as long as it at least equals the minimum amount - 80% of the insurable value of the improvements - required to compensate for damage or loss on a replacement cost basis. If it does not, then coverage that does provide the minimum required amount must be obtained.
2.	The insurance company providing coverage must have an "A" rating or better in the latest edition of "Best's Insurance Guide," must be licensed to do business in the State in which the property is located, and must be licensed to transact the lines of insurance required in this transaction.
3.	Policy shall provide at least "Broad Form" coverage on properties of one to four units, and at least "Vandalism &
Malicious Mischief' on properties with over four units, with no deviation. Homeowners policies must provide coverage equal to "H02" form.	V
4.	Policies must contain deductibles on any peril. Deductibles may not exceed five percent
of the face amount of the insurance policy.
5.	Policy must provide coverage for a term of at least one year. Premiums may be paid on an annual installment basis only if the policy provides that the lender will be notified in writing of cancellation 30 days prior to expiration of coverage, for any cause. Binders are not acceptable unless otherwise required by applicable law.
6.	If any existing policy is provided which will expire within 6 Months from the date of the recording of this loan, said policy must be renewed for the required term as noted in paragraph 5 above.
7.	All forms and endorsements pertaining to the Lender's requirements must appear on the "Declaration Page" of policy.
8.	New policies must be accompanied by a signed "Broker of Record Authorization" if borrowers) has/have changed Insurance Agents.
HAZARD INSURANCE AUTHORIZATION AND REQUIREMENTS HAZARD8.LSR 01/19/23	Page 1 of 2
ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF ENCROACHMENT AND HOLD HARMLESS AGREEMENT
Loan Number: 7505337 Date: September 4, 2024
The undersigned is/are purchasing the real property described as follows, to-wit: Legal description attached hereto and made a part hereof A.P.N.: 42803541
I/We acknowledge that 1/we have received a Blue Line Survey of the above property and am/are aware of the following conditions and/or exceptions:
By my/our execution of this Agreement I/we state that I/we will hold CITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING
its successors and/or assigns harmless for any loss and/or damages that I/we may incur because of above said encroachments. EXECUTED THIS 0^ day of Stiff, 2-6 2- */
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF ENCROACHMENT/HOLD HARMLESS	#DocMagic
AOEAHHA.LSR 10/30/18
ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF RECEIPT OF APPRAISAL REPORT
Loan Number: 7505337 Date: September 4, 2024
Lender: CITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING (NMLS # 144549) Borrower:
Property Address: 5981 Hudson Sail Circle Fort Worth, Texas 76179
Under federal law, the creditor is required to provide you a copy of all appraisals or other written valuations developed in connection with your application for credit that is to be secured by a first lien on a dwelling. The creditor is required to provide a copy of each such appraisal or written valuation, at no additional cost to you, promptly upon completion, or three business days prior to consummation, whichever is earlier.
By signing below, your signature will acknowledge either;
•	Your receipt of the appraisals or other written valuations developed in connection with your loan, no later than three days prior to consummation, or
•	You previously waived your right to review the appraisal or other written valuation three days prior to consummation

34-2*1.*)
Date
ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF RECEIPT OF APPRAISAL REPORT 12 CFR § 1002.14(a)(1)
ARAR2.MSC 05/07/21

AUTHORIZATION AGREEMENT FOR AUTOMATIC MORTGAGE PAYMENT
Loan Number:	7505337	
Name of Bank:		
Account Number:		
The undersigned hereby authorizes Citadel Servicing Corporation ("CSC") to charge my deposit account with the above-described bank for funds necessary to pay my monthly loan obligation (the "automatic loan payment"), which will include tax and insurance impounds as applicable, and the principal and/or interest payment due under the note.
In addition to my automatic loan payment, I would like to include the following optional payment:
$	to be applied as a principal reduction.
I understand that the above amount selected to be applied as a principal reduction will remain to be the same even if my payment increases for any reason as required by the terms of the loan.
Borrower Initials:	
NOTE: If an optional amount is requested to be applied as a principal reduction, this Authorization Agreement for Automatic Mortgage Payment form will not be processed until the statement above is initialed by the borrower.
The automatic loan payment will be deducted each month from my deposit account on the	day of the
month and will be applied to my loan on my payment due date as described in my note. I would like my automatic
loan payment to begin effective with my	(month/year - see NOTE on following
page) loan payment, and I agree to give advance notice, in writing, to CSC to discontinue. I understand that this agreement in no way interferes with my rights to stop payment on any automatic loan payment in accordance with applicable laws.
If I choose at any time to pay more than the automatic loan payment, I may do so by writing a check, wiring funds, or otherwise making a payment to CSC. If I choose to change my automatic loan payment amount, I must give written notice of the change at least 15 days prior to the next automatic loan payment due date. I understand that I may request a change in the automatic loan payment amount a maximum of two times per loan year. If I choose to change my automatic loan payment amount more often, I understand that my loan will be assessed a charge of $50.00 for each additional automatic loan payment change.
I understand that the amount of funds deducted from my deposit account may change due to interest rate, escrow, and payment changes as described in my note. I understand that I will be notified in accordance with applicable law prior to my loan due date of any changes in my monthly payment.
CITADEL

I agree to hold CSC harmless for any fees incurred due to insufficient or uncollected funds. I also understand that should an automatic payment not clear in a timely manner, my loan will be assessed a standard late charge as described in my note and as permitted by applicable law, CSC may, but is not obligated, to resubmit automatic debits that are returned for non-sufficient funds.
)ate
Signature
NOTE:	CSC must receive this form a minimum of fifteen (15) days prior to the following month's automatic
loan payment.
Please attach a copy of a voided check.
For Citadel Servicing Corporation use only (PLEASE PRINT).
Borrower's Name:			—
Form Submitted by: 		 Date:
For use with: Mortgage loans (excludes Customer Choice)
CITADEL
I*BV*C1N0 QOflFOflJmOW
AUTHORIZATION FORM
This Optional Borrower Authorization form will allow Citadel Servicing Corporation ("CSC") to discuss and share information about your mortgage with the below authorized broker or representative(s), and grants CSC written permission to contact you on your primary cellular telephone number per the Telephone Consumer Protection Act.
Loan No.: 7505337
Borrower Name:
Co-Borrower Name:
Property Address: 5981 Hudson Sail Circle, Fort Worth, Texas 76179
THIRD PARTY CONSENT:
I/We hereby authorize the below person(s) or entity to act on my/our behalf for the following purpose: to discuss, share or receive information and documents from CSC relating to the above referenced Loan and/or Property.
I/We understand that:
■		 This authorization will be valid for one hundred and twenty (120) days from the below execution
date; or if not dated, from the date of the Loan.
■	If the above is not initialed, then this authorization will be valid until revoked.
■	This authorization may be revoked at any time by providing verbal or written notice to CSC.
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION:
Broker Name: Caliver Beach Mortgage LLC	Loan officer Name: Drew Hittner Hittner	
Address 500 Redland Court Suite 300	 Email Address: drewh@caliverbeach.com
Owings Mills, Maryland 21117	
Phone:	
CELLULAR TELEPHONE CONSENT:
I/We further expressly grant CSC consent to contact me/us at my/our below listed cellular/mobile telephone number for all purposes, which includes the use of automated phone calls and messages.
I/We understand and agree:
■	That message and data rates and charges may apply.
■	To notify CSC when such number(s) are no longer assigned to my/our cellular device.
• I/We may "opt-out" and revoke consent at any time by providing verbal or written notice to CSC.
Mortgage Lender/Servicer: CITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING NMLS #: 144549
Date: 		^
Borrower Signatur	3orrower Signature:	
Borrower Cell Number: (702) 266-6t	o-Borrower Cell Number:
I/Wehold harmless and indemnify CSC from any and all actions, suits, claims, attorney's fees, or demands, whether in law or equity, arising out of or resulting from, CSC discussing or declining to discuss and share my/our mortgage information and documents with the above authorized third party or entity; and for any alleged violation of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act or similar laws, resulting from auto-dialed or artificial or pre-recorded voice calls and automated messages placed to a reassigned cellular phone number(s), originally belonging to you or which you provided to CSC, but of which you failed to timely notify CSC that such number(s) was no longer assigned to your cellular device or placed on the National Do Not Call Registry.
This document is intended for the internal use by the recipients only and may not be distributed externally or reproduced for distribution in any form without the expressed written permission of Citadel Servicing Corporation.
COMPLIANCE AGREEMENT
Loan Number: 7505337 Seller(s):	N/A
Lender:	CITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING (NMLS # 144549)
Borrower(s):
Property Address: 5981 Hudson Sail Circle, Fort Worth, Texas 76179
The undersigned borrower(s) for and in consideration of the above referenced Lender this date funding the closing of this loan agrees, if requested by Lender or Closing Agent for Lender, to fully cooperate and adjust for clerical errors, any or all ioan closing documentation if deemed necessary or desirable in the reasonable discretion of Lender to enable Lender to sell, convey, seek guaranty or market said loan to any entity, including but not limited to, an investor, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Federal Housing Administration, the Department of Veterans Affairs or any municipal bonding authority.
The undersigned borrowers) agree(s) to comply with all above noted requests by Lender or Closing Agent for Lender within 30 days from the date of mailing said requests. Borrowers) agree(s) to assume all costs including, by way of illustration and not limitation, actual expenses, legal fees and marketing losses, for failing to comply with correction requests in such 30 day time period.
The undersigned borrowers) do hereby so agree and covenant in order to assure that the loan documentation executed this date will conform and be acceptable in the market place in the instance of transfer, sale or conveyance by Lender or its interest in and to said loan documentation.
Dated effective September 4, 2024.
☆ OocMagic
COMPLIANCE AGREEMENT COMP.LSR 12/03/20
State of TEXAS
County of Tarrant
Sworn to and subscribed before me on the

day of.
, by
(name of principal signer).
' i Jfti rfil i Jh A	hm
*d8bm
mAm

COMPLIANCE AGREEMENT COMP.LSR 12/03/20
☆ DocMaglc
FEDERAL EQUAL CREDIT OPPORTUNITY ACT NOTICE
Loan Number: 7505337 Date:	September 4, 2024
Provided By: CITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING (NMLS # 144549) Borrower(s)
Property Address: 5981 Hudson Sail Circle Fort Worth, Texas 76179
The Federal Equal Credit Opportunity Act prohibits creditors from discriminating against credit applicants on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, age (provided the applicant has the capacity to enter into a binding contract); because all or part of the applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or because the applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the Consumer Credit Protection Act.
The Federal Agency that administers compliance with this law concerning this creditor is:
Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Response Center 600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW Washington, DC 20580
By signing below, I/we acknowledge that I/we have read and received a copy of this document.
FEDERAL EQUAL CREDIT OPPORTUNITY ACT NOTICE 12 CFR 1002.9(b)
ECOA.LSR 10/24/19
HARDSHIP
Loan Number: 7505337 Re: Borrowers)
Property Address: 5981 Hudson Sail Circle, Fort Worth, Texas 76179
I/WE, THE UNDERSIGNED BORROWER(S) UNDERSTAND AND ACKNOWLEDGE THATMY/OURFTRST MORTGAGE PAYMENT FOR THIS LOAN ON THE ABOVE REFERENCED PROPERTY IS DUE WITHIN THIRTY (30) DAYS OF LOAN CLOSING. THIS WILL NOT CREATE ANY FINANCIAL HARDSHIP TO ME/US.
lorrower
Borrower
Borrower
Borrower
Borrower
HARDSHIP
02/20/04
AOocMaglc
IMPOUND AUTHORIZATION
Loan Number:. 7505337 Date: September 4, 2024 Borrowers)
Property Address: 5981 Hudson Sail Circle, Fort Worth, Texas 76179
We understood that according to the provisions of the Security Instrument, CITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING
may require us to make monthly payments in addition to our principal and interest payment so that a fund can be created and maintained to pay taxes, insurance premiums and other expenses relating to the., security property. Impounds will be required in the following circumstances:
I
•	where required by state or federal regulatory authority; or
•	where a loan is made, guaranteed or insured by a state or federal governmental lending agency; or
•	where the original principal amount of such a loan exceeds 80% of the sales price or appraised value whichever is lower; or
•	as required by lender as a condition of the loan.
The lender will pay interest on the impound account as required by law. The obligations of the borrower and lender regarding impound accounts will be set forth in the Security Instrument. We also understand that the payment for taxes and insurance may vary from year to year.
PLEASE NOTE THAT ANY BORROWER WHO IS DELINQUENT IN THE PAYMENT OF THEIR REAL ESTATE TAXES, HAZARD AND/OR FLOOD INSURANCE PREMIUMS, MAY BE REQUIRED BY THE LENDER TO PAY IMPOUNDS.
IMPOUNDS REQUIRED BY LENDER
[X] The undersigned understand that the establishment of an impound account for payments of real property taxes, hazard and/or flood insurance and other related expenses is REQUIRED.
□ The undersigned understand that the establishment of an impound account for payments of real property taxes, hazard and/or flood insurance and other related expenses is NOT REQUIRED.	
IMPOUND AUTHORIZATION
IAMSC 12/02/20	Page 1 of 2
IMPOUNDS REQUESTED BY BORROWER
□	The undersigned understand that the establishment of an impound account for the payment of real property taxes, hazard and/or flood insurance and other related expenses is NOT REQUIRED; however, Borrower requests that such an account be established.
□	The undersigned understand that the establishment of an impound account for the payment of real property taxes, hazard and/or flood insurance and other related expenses is NOT REQUIRED. Borrower is not requesting that such an account be established.
IMPOUND AUTHORIZATION IAMSC 12/02/20
INITIAL ESCROW ACCOUNT DISCLOSURE STATEMENT
Disclosure Date: 09/04/2024
Borrower Namefs) and Address:	Servicer's Name, Address, and Toll-Free Number:
CITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING (NMLS # 144549)
3 ADA PARKWAY, SUITE 200A IRVINE CALIFORNIA 92618 (949) 900-6630
THIS IS AN ESTIMATE OF ACTIVITY IN YOUR ESCROW ACCOUNT DURING THE COMING YEAR BASED ON PAYMENTS ANTICIPATED TO BE MADE FROM YOUR ACCOUNT.
Period	Payments to Escrow Account	Payments from Escrow Account	Description	Escrow Account Balance
			Initial Deposit:	$	23,047.62
11/01/24	2,468.58			
11/01/24		20,579.04	County Property Tax	4,937.16
12/01/24	2,468.58			7,405.74
01/01/25	2,468.58			9,874.32
02/01/25	2,468.58			12,342.90
03/01/25	2,468.58			14,811.48
04/01/25	2,468.58			17,280.06
05/01/25	2,468.58			19,748.64
06/01/25	2,468.58			22,217.22
07/01/25	2,468.58			24,685.80
08/01/25	2,468.58			
08/01/25		6,794.04	Hazard Insurance	
08/01/25		2,249.88	Flood Insurance	18,110.46
09/01/25	2,468.58			20,579.04
10/01/25	2,468.58			23,047.62
Cushion Selected Bv Servicer $	4,937.16			Total Disbursements $	29.622.96
YOUR [X] MONTHLY	□ BIWEEKLY MORTGAGE PAYMENT FOR THE COMING YEAR WILL BE
$ 14,054.11	OF WHICH $ 11,585.53	WILL BE FOR [X] PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST
□ INTEREST ONLY, AND $ 2,468.58	WILL GO INTO YOUR ESCROW ACCOUNT.
INITIAL ESCROW ACCOUNT DISCLOSURE STATEMENT 12 CFR 1024.17(h)(1)
IEADS.MSC 03/28/19
&DocMagic
PLEASE KEEP THIS STATEMENT FOR COMPARISON WITH THE ACTUAL ACTIVITY IN YOUR ACCOUNT AT THE END OF THE ESCROW ACCOUNTING COMPUTATION YEAR.
INITIAL ESCROW ACCOUNT DISCLOSURE STATEMENT 12 CFR 1024.17(h)(1)
IEADS.MSC 03/28/19
Acra Lending
<tb» of ^ QIAO! L
Loan Number: 7505337
LOAN FRAUD ZERO TOLERANCE
All Applicants for loans from Acra Lending must be aware that Acra Lending has zero tolerance for misstatements of fact or concealment of intentions. Each Borrower is responsible for the content and statements on their loan application.
TYPES OF LOAN FRAUD
1.	Submission of inaccurate information including false statements on loan applications.
2.	Falsification of documents to substantiate credit, employment, deposit or asset information including identity, ownership/non-ownership of real property.
3.	Forgery of partially or predominantly accurate information.
4.	Inaccurate or intentionally misleading statements regarding current occupancy or intent to maintain minimum occupancy as stated on the Security Instrument.
5.	Inaccurate or misleading statements made to induce Acra Lending to make a loan for a non-owner occupied property when the intention is to use the subject property that is collateral for the loan as a primary personal residence.
CONSEQUENCES
The effects of Loan Fraud are costly to all parties involved. Acra Lending stands behind the quality of its loan production. Fraudulent loans cannot be sold to investors in the Secondary Market and if sold, will require repurchase. Fraudulent loans damage Acra Lending's reputation with those investors. The price paid by those who participate in Loan Fraud is even more costly. The following is a list of some of the potential consequences that may be incurred.
CONSEQUENCES TO THE BORROWER
1.	Acceleration of the debt pursuant to the Deed of Trust which create a default if the Borrower gives materially false, misleading or inaccurate information or fails to provide Acra Lending with material information in connection with the loan application.
2.	Criminal prosecution.
3.	Civil action by Acra Lending or other parties to the transaction.
4.	Employment termination.
5.	Loss of any applicable professional license.
6.	Adverse effect on credit history.
Acra Lending
3 Ada Parkway, Suite 200A, Irvine, CA 92618 (888) 800-7661 - www.acralending.com NMLS ID - 144549
LOAN FRAUD ZERO TOLERANCE LFZT3.CST 04/06/23
I/We have read the foregoing and fully understand Acra Lending's position on Loan Fraud. Neither I/we nor any other party acting on our behalf to facilitate this loan request including Mortgage Brokers or Bankers, Real Estate Brokers or Agents has knowingly and/or willfully engaged in the practice of any Loan Fraud that results in the origination and subsequent submission of a fraudulent loan to Acra Lending.
NOTARY ATTESTATION
State of TEXAS	
County of Tarrant	
Subscribed and sworn to (or affirmed) before me on this — day of	—, by
Edward Riley	.	 proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the person(s) who appeared before me,
Cy-Mi^ovy-e--	rvj»w>	, Notary Public.
i
(Seal)
CHIQUITA WILLIAMS Notary ID #132744137 My Commission Expires October 23, 2028
Signature
LOAN FRAUD ZERO TOLERANCE LFZT3.CST 04/06/23
Loan Number: 7505337
NOTICE CONCERNING THE FURNISHING OF NEGATIVE INFORMATION TO CONSUMER REPORTING AGENCY
Lender: CITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING (NMLS # 144549) Borrower:
WE MAY REPORT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR ACCOUNT TO CREDIT BUREAUS.
LATE PAYMENTS, MISSED PAYMENTS, OR OTHER DEFAULTS ON YOUR ACCOUNT MAY BE, REFLECTED IN YOUR CREDIT REPORT.
Property Address: 5981 Hudson Sail Circle Fort Worth, Texas 76179
By signing below, the undersigned hereby acknowledge(s) receipt of a copy of this disclosure.
7<fOocMagic
NOTICE CONCERNING THE FURNISHING OF
NEGATIVE INFORMATION TO CONSUMER REPORTING AGENCY
FCRA § 623(a)(7); 15 U.S.C. 1681s-2(a)(7); 12 CFR 1022 Appendix B Model Notice B-1
NCFNIA1SC 10/24/19
NOTICE of new payment format for your convenience
Loan#: 7505337 Dear Borrower(s)
Citadel Servicing Corporation "CSC", strives to be the best mortgage loan servicer in the mortgage industry. In order to best service your loan, CSC is offering you a new and more convenient way of making your monthly payments by using Automated Clearing House (also referred to as ACH). When using ACH your checking account will be debited on the specified date of your choosing. This is an absolute free service. To sign up please do the following:
■	Complete the attached Authorization Agreement for Automatic Mortgage Payment.
■	Attach a VOIDED check for processing.
■	Choose the date you prefer to have your account drafted for future payments.
■	Send the executed form back to CSC by Mail or Email to finish completion of process.
Citadel Servicing Corporation Attention: Customer Service P.O. Box 100077 Duluth, GA 30096-9377
If you have recently provided CSC with a completed form, please disregard this notice, CSC also still offers its easy Pay by Phone service system for your convenience. If you need to phone in a payment, please call for more details. Additional fees may apply.
Please also be advised CSC will also accept personal checks, certified funds or a check by phone (provided that we have not previous processed a NSF check).
Should you have further questions or concerns regarding your loan or the ACH form, please do not hesitate to contact CSC Customer Service toil free at (855) 864-7843 during normal business hours, Monday - Friday, 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m., Eastern Standard Time.
Sincerely,
Customer Service
Citadel Servicing Corporation
P.O. Box 100077, Duluth, GA 30096-9377 Telephone: (855) 864-7843 Email: support@mvcltadelservlclng.com
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS
WHO SHOULD I CALL IF I HAVE QUESTIONS ABOUT MY LOAN?
Inquiries can be directed to Citadel Servicing Corporation ("CSC") Customer Service via email at support@mvcitadelservicing. com or you can call CSC at (85S) 864-7843 Monday thru Friday from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p,m, (EST-Eastern Standard Time) and request to speak with a Customer Service Representative.
WHAT OPTIONS DO I HAVE WHEN MAKING MY MORTGAGE PAYMENTS?
■	You can mail your payments to Citadel Servicing Corporation, Attention: Payment Processing. Make payments to:
P.O. Box 105178 Atlanta, GA 30348-5178
■	Make your personal check, money order, or certified funds check payable to Citadel Servicing Corporation.
■	You can also call CSC's office at (855) 864-7843 Monday thru Friday from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. (EST-Eastern Standard Time) to make a payment by phone. There is nominal pay by phone fee of $10,00 for onetime payments over the phone.
■	You can wire transfer your monthly payment (please contact our customer service department at the number listed above to obtain the wire information).
■	You can have your payment set up monthly by completing the attached Authorization Agreement for Automatic Mortgage Payment.
MAY I MAKE EXTRA PRINCIPAL PAYMENTS ON MY LOAN AND WHAT ARE THE BENEFITS OF THESE EXTRA PAYMENTS?
■	You may make extra principal payments to reduce the outstanding balance of your mortgage loan utilizing the payment methods shown above at any time as long as you are up-to-date with the required monthly payments. These extra principal payments allow you to pay off your loan sooner and reduce the total interest costs over the life of the loan.
WHEN IS MY PAYMENT CONSIDERED LATE?
Your payment is due on the first of the month; however, you have a 15-day grace period in which to make your payment and avoid a late charge.
■	Please note that CSC does not accept the post office date stamp as the day that payments are received.
■	All payment are posted and credited to your loan the day CSC receives your payment.
■	If your payment is not received on or before the last day of the current month due, your	payment will be	reported to the
credit bureaus as 30 days delinquent.
WHAT SHOULD I DO IF I RECEIVE A PROPERTY TAX, SUPPLEMENTAL TAX OR INSURANCE BILL?
Please include your name and loan number and choose one of to the following:
■	Email a copy of the bill to support@,mvcitadelservicing.eom
■	You can mail a copy of the bill to P.O. Box 100077,Duluth, GA 30096-9377.
■	Notify CSC by calling our office at (855) 864-7843 Monday thru Friday from 8:00 a.m.	to	5:00	p.m.	(EST-Eastern
Standard Time)
IS CSC REPORTING MY PAYMENTS TO THE CREDIT AGENCIES?
Yes, CSC is only reporting to Equifax at this time.
P.O. Box 100077, Duluth, GA 30096-9377 Telephone: (855) 864-7843 Email: support@mvcltadelservlclng.com
NOTICE OF SPECIAL FLOOD HAZARDS AND AVAILABILITY OF FEDERAL DISASTER RELIEF ASSISTANCE
Loan Number; 7505337 Date: September 4, 2024
Lender:	CITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING
Borrowers)
Property Address:	5981 Hudson Sail Circle
Fort Worth, Texas 76179
We are giving you this notice to inform you that:
The building or mobile home securing the loan for which you have applied is or will be located in an area with special flood hazards.
The area has been identified by the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) as a special flood hazard area using FEMA's Flood Insurance Rate Map or the Flood Hazard Boundary Map for the following
community: TARRANT COUNTY*	
This area has a one percent (1%) chance of a flood equal to or exceeding the base flood elevation (a 100-year flood) in any given year. During the life of a 30-year mortgage loan, the risk of a 100-year flood in a special flood hazard area is 26 percent (26%).
Federal law allows a lender and borrower jointly to request the Administrator of FEMA to review the determination of whether the property securing the loan is located in a special flood hazard area. If you would like to make such a request, please contact us for further information.
13 The community in which the property securing the loan is located participates in the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP). Federal law will not allow us to make you the loan that you have applied for if you do not purchase flood insurance. The flood insurance must be maintained for the life of the loan. If you fail to purchase or renew flood insurance on the property, Federal law authorizes and requires us to purchase the flood insurance for you at your expense.
♦ At a minimum, flood insurance purchased must cover the lesser of:
(1)	the outstanding principal balance of the loan; or
(2)	the maximum amount of coverage allowed for the type of property under the NFIP.
Flood insurance coverage under the NFIP is limited to the building or mobile home and any personal property that secures your loan and not the land itself.
NOTICE OF SPECIAL FLOOD HAZARDS AND AVAILABILITY
OF FEDERAL DISASTER RELIEF ASSISTANCE
NSFHAFDRA.MSC 10/15/19	Page 1 of 2
•	Federal disaster relief assistance (usually in the form of a low-interest loan) may be available for damages incurred in excess of your flood insurance if your community's participation in the NFIP is in accordance with NFIP requirements.
•	Although you may not be required to maintain flood insurance on all structures, you may still wish to do so, and your mortgage lender may still require you to do so to protect the collateral securing the mortgage. If you choose not to maintain flood insurance on a structure and it floods, you are responsible for all flood losses relating to that structure.
AVAILABILITY OF PRIVATE FLOOD INSURANCE COVERAGE
Flood insurance coverage under the NFIP may be purchased through an insurance agent who will obtain the policy either directly through the NFIP or through an insurance company that participates in the NFIP. Flood insurance that provides the same level of coverage as a standard flood insurance policy under the NFIP may be available from private insurers that do not participate in the NFIP. You should compare the flood insurance coverage, deductibles, exclusions, conditions, and premiums associated with flood insurance policies issued on behalf of the NFIP and policies issued on behalf of private insurance companies and contact an insurance agent as to the availability, cost, and comparisons of flood insurance coverage.
ESCROW REQUIREMENT FOR RESIDENTIAL LOANS
\
Federal law may require a lender or its servicer to escrow all premiums and fees for flood insurance that covers any residential building or mobile home securing a loan that is located in an area with special flood hazards. If your lender notifies you that an escrow account is required for your loan, then you must pay your flood insurance premiums and fees to the lender or its servicer with the same frequency as you make loan payments for the duration of your loan. These premiums and fees will be deposited in the escrow account, which will be used to pay the flood insurance provider.
I | Flood insurance coverage under the NFIP is not available for the property securing the loan because the community in which the property is located does not participate in the NFIP. In addition, if the non-participating community has been identified for at least one year as containing a special flood hazard area, properties located in the community will not be eligible for Federal disaster relief assistance in the event of a Federally declared flood disaster.
By signing below, I/we acknowledge that I/we have received, read, and accept the terms of this Agreement.
*5 if W n
Borrower Edward Riley

Date
NOTICE OF SPECIAL FLOOD HAZARDS AND AVAILABILITY
OF FEDERAL DISASTER RELIEF ASSISTANCE
NSFHAFDRA.MSC 10/15/19	Page 2 of 2
OCCUPANCY AND FINANCIAL STATUS AFFIDAVIT
BEFORE ME. the undersigned authority duly authorized to take acknowledgments and administer oaths, personally appeared I
(the "Borrower"),
who upon being duly sworn on oath, certified as follows:
1.	Material Inducement: Borrower understands and agrees that the statements contained herein are given as a material inducement to CITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING
(the "Lender"),
and Lender is relying upon such statements, to make a mortgage loan (the "Loan") to Borrower, repayment of which is secured by a Mortgage, Deed of Trust, Security Deed or other instrument of security (the "Security Instrument") on certain real property located at 5981 Hudson Sail Circle, Fort Worth, Texas 76179
(the "Property").
2.	Occupancy: [check one box only]
[X] Principal Residence. Borrower either currently occupies and uses the Property as Borrower's principal residence, or Borrower will occupy and use the Property as Borrower's principal residence within 6 0 days after Borrower signs the Security Instrument. Borrower will continue to occupy and use the Property as Borrower's principal residence for at least one (1) year from the date that Borrower first occupies the Property. However, Borrower will not have to occupy and use the Property as Borrower's principal residence within the time frames set forth above if Lender agrees in writing that Borrower does not have to do so. Lender may not refuse to agree unless the refusal is reasonable. Borrower will also not have to occupy and use the Property as Borrower's principal residence within the time frames set forth above if extenuating circumstances exist which are beyond Borrower's control.
n Second Home. Borrower will occupy, and will use, the Property as Borrower's second home. Borrower will keep the Property available for Borrower's exclusive use and enjoyment at all times, and will not subject the Property to any timesharing or other shared ownership arrangement or to any rental pool or agreement that requires Borrower either to rent the Property or give a management firm or any other person any control over the occupancy or use of the Property.
□ Investment. The Property is owned and held by Borrower as an investment property. Borrower does not now occupy or use the property, and has no present intention to occupy or use the Property in the future, either as Borrower's principal residence or second home. Borrower now occupies and uses other property or properties as Borrower's principal residence and/or second home.
3.	Financial Status: Borrower understands that Lender is making the Loan based upon statements and representations contained in, or made in connection with, the residential mortgage loan application given by Borrower to Lender (the "Loan Application"). Borrower hereby certifies that the information provided by Borrower contained in, or made in connection with, the Loan Application related to Borrower's financial status (such as Borrower's employment, income, available cash, debts, expenses, credit obligations, and the like), has not changed significantly and that the such information accurately reflects Borrower's current financial status. Borrower certifies further that Borrower has not received a layoff notice or otherwise have knowledge of a pending layoff, and Borrower, to the best of Borrower's knowledge and belief, is unaware of any events or circumstances in the foreseeable future that would impair or have an adverse effect on Borrower's ability to fulfill Borrower's Loan obligations, including, but not limited to Borrower's obligation to make required periodic payments.
OCCUPANCY AND FINANCIAL STATUS AFFIDAVIT OFSA.MSC 10/26/18
4. False, Misleading or Inaccurate Statements: Borrower understands that Borrower will be in default under the terms of the Security Instrument if, during the application process for the Loan, Borrower or any persons or entities acting at the direction of Borrower or with Borrower's knowledge or consent gave materially false, misleading or inaccurate information or statements to Lender (or failed to provide Lender with material information) in connection with the Loan, including, but not limited to, representations concerning Borrower's occupancy of the Property and Borrower's financial status. Borrower understands further that any intentional or negligent misrepresentation(s) of the information contained in, or made in connection with, the Loan Application may result in severe civil and/or criminal penalties, including, but not limited to, fine or imprisonment or both under the provisions of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1001, et seq. and liability for monetary damages to the Lender, its agents, successors and assigns, insurers and any other person who may suffer any loss due to reliance upon any misrepresentation(s) which Borrower has made on or in connection with the Loan Application.
OCCUPANCY AND FINANCIAL STATUS AFFIDAVIT OFSA.MSC 10/26/18
State of TEXAS County of Tarrant
Sworn to and subscribed before me on the
i_\W\
day of.	p n	; ■		a	si	1
,by
Edward Riley
(name of principal signer).
1
CHIQUITA WILLIAMS Notary ID #132744137 My Commission Expires October 23, 2028

(SEAL)
OCCUPANCY AND FINANCIAL STATUS AFFIDAVIT OFSA.MSC 10/26/18
■frDocMagic
PAYMENT LETTER TO BORROWER
FROM:	CITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING (NMLS # 144549)
3 ADA PARKWAY, SUITE 200A IRVINE, CALIFORNIA 92618
RE:	Loan Number: 7505337
Property Address:	5981 Hudson Sail Circle, Fort Worth, Texas 76179
TO:
Dear Borrower:
The monthly payments on the above referred to loan are to begin on November 1, 2024	, and will continue
monthly until	October 1, 2054
Your monthly payment will consist of the following:
PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST MMI/PMI INSURANCE ESCROW FOR TAXES ESCROW FOR INSURANCE ESCROW FOR FLOOD INSURANCE
$	11.585.53
1,714.92
566.17
187.49
TOTAL MONTHLY PAYMENTS
*	14.054,11
You are to make your payments to:
CITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION PO BOX 105178
ATLANTA, GEORGIA 30348-5178
Any correspondence, or calls, in reference to your loan, please refer to the above loan number.
PAYMENT LETTER TO BORROWER PAYMENT.LSR 12/02/20
Copy received and acknowledged.
PAYMENT LETTER TO BORROWER
PAYMENT.LSR 12/02/20	Page 2 of 2
Property Address: 5981 Hudson Sail Circle Fort Worth, Texas 76179
1 Your C redit Score	J			
Your credit score		ill749 : :	Source: Experian	Date: 07/29/2024
l ndcrstantliii” 'S our Credit Score
What you should know about credit scores s	Your credit score is a number that reflects the information in your credit report. Your credit report is a record of your credit history. It includes information about whether you pay your bills on time and how much you owe to creditors. Your credit score can change, depending on how your credit history changes.		
How we use your credit score	Your credit score can affect whether you can get a loan and how much you will have to pay for that loan.		
The range of scores	Scores range from a low of	320	to a high of 844 Generally, the higher your score, the more likely you are to be offered better credit terms.		
How your score compares to the scores of other consumers	25*- 20*i 15% 10* 5* •	Exparian" Classic FI CO® * of Cornu men with Scores In a Particular Range UK 19%	!	|	j n* ■	*x	|	1	:	I	i ! 1% ! !	
	i	©202	31(5-409	BOO-549	550599	600-649	650-609	700-749	750-799	800-650 FICO A# NtMl R*wv*d	WrtModdvM-DJ'JG-N	
Key factors that adversely affected your credit score :• ■: : ■■ : " ■: ■ ■ • '	"	. •..	• .	x : •	Number of recent inquiries .ength of time accounts have been established _ack of recently reported balances on revolving/open accounts Code Description dumber of accounts opened within the last 12 months		
Initial:
RMCSDEX.MSC 10/30/23
I ('liccking Your Credit Report		
VVliat if there are mistakes in your credit report?	You have a right to dispute any inaccurate information in your credit report. If you find mistakes on your credit report, contact the consumer reporting agency. It is a good idea to check your credit report to make sure the information it contains is accurate.	
How can you obtain a copy ot your credit report?	Under federal law, you have the right to obtain a free copy of your credit report from each of the nationwide consumer reporting agencies once a year. To order your free annual credit report:	
< ' . t -	By telephone:	Call toll-free: 1-877-322-8228
:	On the web:	Visit www.annualcreditreDort.com
. . :• . : : .	By mail:	Mail your completed Annual Credit Report Request Form (which you can obtain from the Federal Trade Commission's web site at httD://www.ftc.eov/bcD/conline/include/reauestformfinal.Ddf) to:
		Annual Credit Report Request Service P.O. Box 105281 Atlanta, GA 30348-5281
How can you get more information?	For more information about credit reports and your rights under federal law, visit the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's website at www.consumerfinance.eov/learnmore.	
NOTICE TO THE HOME LOAN APPLICANT
In connection with your application for a home loan, the lender must disclose to you the score that a consumer reporting agency distributed to users and the lender used in connection with your home loan, and the key factors affecting your credit scores.
The credit score is a computer generated summary calculated at the time of the request and based on information that a consumer reporting agency or lender has on file. The scores are based on data about your credit history and payment patterns. Credit scores are important because they are used to assist the lender in determining whether you will obtain a loan. They may also be used to determine what interest rate you may be offered on the mortgage. Credit scores can change over time, depending on your conduct, how your credit history and payment patterns change, and how credit scoring technologies change.
Because the score is based on information in your credit history, it is very important that you review the credit-related information that is being furnished to make sure it is accurate. Credit records may vary from one company to another.
If you have questions about your credit score or the credit information that is furnished to you, contact the consumer reporting agency at the address and telephone number provided with this notice, or contact the lender, if the lender developed or generated the credit score. The consumer reporting agency plays no part in the decision to take any action on the loan application and is unable to provide you with specific reasons for the decision on a loan application.
If you have questions concerning the terms of the loan, contact the lender.
Initial:
it
Equifax

P.O. Box 740241 Atlanta, GA 30374 (800) 685-1111
Property Address: 5981 Hudson Sail Circle Fort Worth, Texas 76179
rfWSWS
&EDIT
Your Credit Score	
Your credit score	804 Source: Trans Union	Date: 07/29/2024
>A_ACI
IN.
I' lulct st a ml i n<» Your Credit Score
What you should know about credit scores
Your credit score is a number that reflects the information in your credit report.
Your credit report is a record of your credit history. It includes information about whether you pay your bills on time and how much you owe to creditors,
Your credit score can change, depending on how your credit history changes.
IIow we use your credit score
Your credit score can affect whether you can get a loan and how much you will have to pay for that loan.
The range of scores
Scores range from a low of	309	to a high of 839
Generally, the higher your score, the more likely you are to be offered better credit terms.
How your score compares to the scores of other consumers

Key factors that adversely affected your credit score
Time since most recent account opening is too short Proportion of loan balances to loan amounts is too high Too many inquiries last 12 months Inquiries impacted the credit score(TU)
Initial:
I C heckin” Your C redit Report	
What if there arc mistakes in your credit report?	You have a right to dispute any inaccurate information in your credit report. If you find mistakes on your credit report, contact the consumer reporting agency. It is a good idea to check your credit report to make sure the information it contains is accurate.
vXvSR-.v: How can you obtain a copy of your credit report? '	s > t	Under federal law, you have the right to obtain a free copy of your credit report from each of the nationwide consumer reporting agencies once a year. To order your free annual credit report: By telephone:	Call toll-free: 1-877-322-8228 On the web:	Visit www.annualcreditrenort.com By mail:	Mail your completed Annual Credit Report Request Form (which you can obtain from the Federal Trade Commission's web site at httD://www.ftc.eov/bcn/conline/include/reauestformfinal.pdf) to: Annual Credit Report Request Service P.O. Box 105281 Atlanta, GA 30348-5281
How can you get more information?	For more information about credit reports and your rights under federal law, visit the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's website at www.consumerfinance.eov/learnmore.
NOTICE TO THE HOME LOAN APPUCANT
In connection with your application for a home loan, the lender must disclose to you the score that a consumer reporting agency distributed to users and the lender used in connection with your home loan, and the key factors affecting your credit scores.
The credit score is a computer generated summary calculated at the time of the request and based on information that a consumer reporting agency or lender has on file. The scores are based on data about your credit history and payment patterns. Credit scores are important because they are used to assist the lender in determining whether you will obtain a loan. They may also be used to determine what interest rate you may be offered on the mortgage. Credit scores can change oyer time, depending on your conduct, how your credit history and payment patterns change, and how credit scoring technologies change.
\
Because the score is based on information in your credit history, it is very important that you review the credit-related information that is being furnished to make sure it is accurate. Credit records may vary from one company to another.
If you have questions about your credit score or the credit information that is furnished to you, contact the consumer reporting agency at the address and telephone number provided with this notice, or contact the lender, if the lender developed or generated the credit score. The consumer reporting agency plays no part in the decision to take any action on the loan application and is unable to provide you with specific reasons for the decision on a loan application.
Initial:
If you have questions concerning the terms of the loan, contact the lender.
Experian P.O. Box 4500 Allen, TX 75013 (888) 397-3742
Initial:
It wrr\ ya ttt.i u, iw
RMCSDEX.MSC 10/30/23
RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE CREDIT SCORE DISCLOSURE EXCEPTION NOTICE
Property Address: 5981 Hudson Sail Circle Fort Worth, Texas 76179
CITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING
YOUR CREDIT SCORE AND THE PRICE YOU PAY FOR CREDIT
I Your C redit Score	
Your credit score .	703 Source: Equifax	Date: 07/29/2024
(liidcrstiinding Your Credit Score
What you should know about credit scores
Your credit score is a number that reflects the information in your credit report.
Your credit report is a record of your credit history. It includes information about whether you pay your bills on time and how much you owe to creditors.
Your credit score can change, depending on how your credit history changes.
How we use your creditscore
Your credit score can affect whether you can get a loan and how much you will have to pay for that loan.
The range of scores
Scores range from a low of	334	to a high of 818
Generally, the higher your score, the more likely you are to be offered better credit terms.
How your score compares to the scores of other consumers
Equifax Classic FICO
% of Coruumrr* with Swrw fci ■ Particular Range
MIMW 500-540 C 2023 RCO Al IU#Utft«Mrv*d
556-5W	600-640	650408	700-749
750-798	900-850
WACOM 0t-M23
adversely af your credit score
Derogatory public record or collection filed Length of time accounts have been established Too many inquiries last 12 months No adverse factor
Initial:
I Checking Your ( redil Report		
What if there are mistakes in your credit report?	You have a right to dispute any inaccurate information in your credit report. If you find mistakes on your credit report, contact the consumer reporting agency. It is a good idea to check your credit report to make sure the information it contains is accurate.	
X; vv.v:..v:;.; v :	:: 7.’ .:x•/.: How can you obtain a copy of your credit report? ■ ' • '/■ . .,	Under federal law, you have the right to obtain a free copy of your credit report from each of the nationwide consumer reporting agencies once a year. To order your free annual credit report:	
;. . ' • : ...; \ ... :.:'	By telephone:	Call toll-free: 1-877-322-8228
: 5	.v'5 :.:x:	y.-y.	-- ::v	•• V.	On the web:	Visit www.annualcreditrenort.com
	By mail:	Mail your completed Annual Credit Report Request Form (which you can obtain from the Federal Trade Commission's web site at httn://www.ftc.sov/bcn/conline/include/reauestformfinal.ndf) to:
		Annual Credit Report Request Service P.O. Box 105281 Atlanta, GA 30348-5281
How can you get more information?	For more information about credit reports and your rights under federal law, visit the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau1 s website at www.consumerfinancc.sov/learnmore.	
NOTICE TO THE HOME LOAN APPUCANT
In connection with your application for a home loan, the lender must disclose to you the score that a consumer reporting agency distributed to users and the lender used in connection with your home loan, and the key factors affecting your credit scores.
The credit score is a computer generated summary calculated at the time of the request and based on information that a consumer reporting agency or lender has on file. The scores are based on data about your credit history and payment patterns. Credit scores are important because they are used to assist the lender in determining whether you will obtain a loan. They may also be used to determine what interest rate you may be offered on the mortgage. Credit scores can change over time, depending on your conduct, how your credit history and payment patterns change, and how credit scoring technologies change.
Because the score is based on information in your credit history, it is very important that you review the credit-related information that is being furnished to make sure it is accurate. Credit records may vary from one company to another.
If you have questions about your credit score or the credit information that is furnished to you, contact the consumer reporting agency at the address and telephone number provided with this notice, or contact the lender, if the lender developed or generated the credit score. The consumer reporting agency plays no part in the decision to take any action on the loan application and is unable to provide you with specific reasons for the decision on a loan application.
If you have questions concerning the terms of the loan, contact the lender.
Initial:
Transllnion P.O. Box 1000 Chester, PA 19016 (800) 916-8800

RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE CREDIT SCORE DISCLOSURE EXCEPTION NOTICE
SIGNATURE AFFIDAVIT AND AKA STATEMENT
SIGNATURE AFFIDAVIT
I,
certify that this is my true and correct signature:

AKA STATEMENT
I.
further certify that i am also known as:
‘U-j <© ♦
cdu-^o-r-cJ rv

SIGNATURE AFFIDAVIT AND AKA STATEMENT AKA.LSR 01/21/20
SIGNATURE AFFIDAVIT AND AKA STATEMENT
SIGNATURE AFFIDAVIT
1=
certify that this is my true and correct signature:
Sample Signature
AKA STATEMENT
I,
further certify that I am also known as:
F
i i
i i


Name Variation (Print)
Sample Signature (Variation)
SIGNATURE AFFIDAVIT AND AKA STATEMENT AKA.LSR 01/21/20
State of TEXAS
County of Tarrant	
Sworn to and subscribed before me on the	 day of		, by
Edward Riley	(name of principal signer).
CHIQUITA WILLIAMS Notary ID # 132744137 My Commission Expires October 23, 2028
(SEAL)
SIGNATURE AFFIDAVIT AND AKA STATEMENT AKA.LSR 01/21/20

i
■&DocMaglc
TAX RECORD INFORMATION SHEET
THIS FORM MUST BE COMPLETED AND SIGNED BY TITLE OFFICER,
ESCROW OFFICER AND/OR CLOSING ATTORNEY.
THIS SHEET MUST BE COMPLETELY FILLED OUT OR IT WILL BE RETURNED FOR COMPLETION.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR COMPLETION OF TAX RECORDS:
1.	Tax legal description must be exactly as shown on tax records.
2.	Show taxing authority £§ only where we are escrowing for payment □ even if we are not escrowing for payment.
3.	Tax bills & information are obtained from this sheet. Therefore, it must be completed in full. Include any Assessments, Municipal Utility District Charges, Ground Rents, etc. that are escrowed for payment. Indicate estimated taxes if applicable. Attach copies of paid tax certificates and tax receipts.
The following information is certified by:	Worth National Title Agency LLC DBO McKniaht Title	
DATE LOAN CLOSED:	09/Q4/2Q24	 title/escrow/closfng attorney
REFINANCE [	] YES [X ]NO
LOAN# 7505337 BORROWER(S) NAME
TAXES FOR CURRENT YEAR LISTED IN NAME OF:
PROPERTY ADDRESS:	j}98 WHucjSO^ JSail <^cl^g
CURRENT TAX ASSESSMENT BASED ON:
[	] ACREAGE [	] VACANT [	] PARTIAL CONSTRUCTION [	] COMPLETE CONSTRUCTION
LEGAL DESCRIPTION:
SECTION	BLOCK	LOT(S) 		TRACT _
MAP	UNIT #	TWNSHP	RANGE
METES & BOUNDS	[	] YES	[X	] NO	
TYPE OF TAX COUNTY PROPERTY TAX		LAST AMOUNT PAID
CURRENT TAXES PAID THRU DATE 09/04/2024		NEXT DUE DATE November 1, 2024
NEXT AMOUNT DUE 20.579.04		THIS AMOUNT IS [	] ESTIMATE [X ] ACTUAL
PAYMENT FREQUENCY: [X ] ANNUAL [	] SEMI-ANNUAL [	] QUARTERLY [	] TRI-ANNUAL [	] OTHER:
TAXING AUTHORITY NAME & ADDRESS:		PARCEL/PROPERTY ID/TMS# 42803541
		PARCEL/PROPERTY ID/TMS#
		
		
TYPE OF TAX		LAST AMOUNT PAID
CURRENT TAXES PAID THRU DATE		NEXT DUE DATE
NEXT AMOUNT DUE		THIS AMOUNT IS [	] ESTIMATE [	] ACTUAL
PAYMENT FREQUENCY: [	] ANNUAL [	] SEMI-ANNUAL [ TAXING AUTHORITY NAME & ADDRESS:	] QUARTERLY [	] TRI-ANNUAL [	] OTHER: PARCEL/PROPERTY ID/TMS#
PARCEL/PROPERTY 1D/TMS#		
SUBDIVISION		__
TAX RECORD INFORMATION SHEET GATAX.LSR 12/03/20
TYPE OF TAX	 LAST AMOUNT PAID	
CURRENT TAXES PAID THRU DATE	 NEXT DUE DATE	
NEXT AMOUNT DUE	 THIS AMOUNT IS [	] ESTIMATE [ ] ACTUAL
PAYMENT FREQUENCY:
[	] ANNUAL [	] SEMI-ANNUAL [	] QUARTERLY [	] TRI-ANNUAL [	] OTHER:	
TAXING AUTHORITY NAME & ADDRESS:	PARCEL/PROPERTY ID/TMS#
PARCEL/PROPERTY ID/TMS#
TYPE OF TAX	'	 LAST AMOUNT PAID	
CURRENT TAXES PAID THRU DATE ___	____ NEXT DUE DATE	
NEXT AMOUNT DUE	 THIS AMOUNT IS [ ] ESTIMATE [ ] ACTUAL
PAYMENT FREQUENCY:
[	] ANNUAL [	] SEMI-ANNUAL [	] QUARTERLY [	] TRI-ANNUAL [	] OTHER;
TAXING AUTHORITY NAME & ADDRESS:	PARCEL/PROPERTY ID/TMS#
PARCEL/PROPERTY ID/TMS#
TYPE OF TAX	 LAST AMOUNT PAID		
CURRENT TAXES PAID THRU DATE	 NEXT DUE DATE	
NEXT AMOUNT DUE		 THIS AMOUNT IS [ ] ESTIMATE [ ] ACTUAL
PAYMENT FREQUENCY:
[	] ANNUAL [	] SEMI-ANNUAL [	] QUARTERLY [	] TRI-ANNUAL [	] OTHER;	
TAXING AUTHORITY NAME & ADDRESS:	PARCEL/PROPERTY ID/TMS#
PARCEL/PROPERTY ID/TMS#
Date
Settlement Agent
TAX RECORD INFORMATION SHEET GATAX.LSR 12/03/20
TEXAS COLLATERAL PROTECTION INSURANCE NOTICE
Loan Number: 7505337 Date: September 4, 2024
Lender: CITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING (NMLS # 144549)
Borrower(s)
Property Address: 5981 Hudson Sail Circle Fort Worth, Texas 76179
You, the above-named Borrower(s), have entered into a credit transaction with the above-named Lender ("we", "us" and "our") for which a credit agreement exists; the credit agreement requires you to maintain insurance on the collateral securing repayment of your obligation.
You are required to:
(1)	keep the collateral insured against damage in the amount we specify;
(ii)	purchase the insurance from an insurer that is authorized to do business in this state or an eligible surplus lines insurer; and
(iii)	name us as the person to be paid under the policy in the event of a loss.
If you fail to meet any requirement listed above, or if we require you to deliver to us a copy of the policy and proof of payment of premiums and you fail to do so, we may, but are not required to, obtain collateral protection insurance on your behalf and at your expense.
"Collateral protection insurance" is insurance coverage that: (1) is purchased by a creditor after the date of a credit agreement;
(2)	provides monetary protection against loss of or damage to the collateral or against liability arising out of the ownership or use of the collateral; and (3) is purchased according to the terms of a credit agreement as a result of a debtor's failure to provide evidence of insurance or failure to obtain or maintain insurance covering the collateral, with the costs of the collateral protection insurance, including interest and any other charges incurred by the creditor in connection with the placement of collateral protection insurance, payable by a debtor. Collateral protection insurance includes insurance coverage that is purchased to protect only the interest of the creditor, or both the interest of the creditor and some or all of the interest of a debtor.
By signing below, you acknowledge that you have read and understand the contents of this notice.
20 z.y
)ate
TEXAS COLLATERAL PROTECTION INSURANCE NOTICE TEX. FIN. CODE § 307.052 TXCP1N.MSC 01/15/20
DESIGNATION OF HOMESTEAD AFFIDAVIT
AFFIANT, AFTER BEING DULY SWORN, HEREBY DEPOSES AND SAYS:
1.	Affiant has personal, first-hand knowledge of the facts stated herein and is competent to provide testimony thereto.
2.	Affiant makes the following declarations under Section 41,005 of the Texas Property Code and Article 16, Section 50 of the Texas Constitution. Affiant executes this document to set apart and designate Property as a Homestead. Hie Property described in this Affidavit is the Homestead of Affiant's family or is the Homestead of a single adult person not otherwise entitled to claim a Homestead. Hie Property is entitled to exemption from forced sale under the Texas Constitution and other laws of the State of Texas.
3.	Affiant is familiar with the following provisions of Texas Law:
(a)	If a rural Homestead of a family is part of one or more parcels containing a total of more than 200 acres, the tyead of the family and, if married, that person's spouse may voluntarily designate not more than 200 acres of the Property as the Homestead. If a rural Homestead of a single adult person, not otherwise entitled to a Homestead, is part of one or more parcels containing a total of more than 100 acres, the person may voluntarily designate not more than 100 acres of the Property as the Homestead.
(b)	If an urban Homestead of a family, or an urban Homestead of a single adult person not otherwise entitled to a Homestead, is part of one or more contiguous lots containing a total of more than 10 acres, the head of the family and, if married, that person's spouse or the single adult person, as applicable, may voluntarily designate not more than 10 acres of the Property as the Homestead.
4.	The Affiant states that he/she owns the Homestead Property, which is more particularly described as:
Legal description attached hereto and made a part hereof
A.P.N.: 42803541
5.	The Property is improved with a dwelling house, is amply sufficient as a residence Homestead, and the fee simple title to such Property is vested in the Affiant. The Affiant intends to continually reside upon, use and claim such Property as the only Homestead of the hereafter, and the undersigned does not intend to abandon the Property as a Homestead.
6. Affiant is also the current record titleholder of the Property, The full and complete name of Affiant, the current record titleholder, is as follows:
I
byoi nuason Sail Circle, Fort Worth, Texas 76179
TEXAS DESIGNATION OF HOMESTEAD AFFIDAVIT	•tffDocMaglC
TX CONSTITUTION. ARTICLE XVI, 50
TX PROPERTY CODE 41.005	Page 1 of 3
TX CONSTITUTION, ARTICLE XVI, 50 TX PROPERTY CODE 41.005 TXDOHA2.MSC 10/29/18
CHECK IF APPLICABLE:
7.
£3 Affiant asserts that the Property is listed as his/her residence Homestead on the most recent appraisal roll for the appraisal district established for the County in which the Property is located. Property on which a person receives an exemption from taxation under the Tax Code is considered to have been designated as the person's Homestead if the Property is listed as the person's residence Homestead on the most recent appraisal roll for the appraisal District established for the County in which the Property is located.
8. CHECK IF APPLICABLE:
f~l The Homestead is a rural Homestead. Affiant designates	acres of the rural Homestead as
Homestead Property. If there is more than one survey in the rural Homestead, Affiant designates below the number of acres in each survey as Homestead Property:
9.	CHECK IF APPLICABLE:
□ The Homestead is an urban Homestead. The Homestead is part of one or more contiguous lots containing a total of more than 10 acres. It is the urban Homestead of a family, or an urban Homestead of a single adult person not otherwise entitled to a Homestead. Affiant designates	acres of the Property as
Homestead.
Further Affiant sayeth not.
wner
Owner
Owner
TEXAS DESIGNATION OF HOMESTEAD AFFIDAVIT	ifcDocMagic
TX CONSTITUTION. ARTICLE XVI. 50
TX PROPERTY CODE 41.005	Page 2 of 3
TX CONSTITUTION, ARTICLE XVI, 50 TX PROPERTY CODE 41.005 TXDOHA2.MSC 10/29/18
State of TEXAS
County of Tarrant
Sworn to and subscribed before me on the. 	l	 day nf	> 'Vx^. i"			 by
A,
CHIQUITA WILLIAMS Notary ID tt 132744137 My Commission Expires October 23, 2028

(SEAL)
TEXAS DESIGNATION OF HOMESTEAD AFFIDAVIT	&DocMag!c
TX CONSTITUTION. ARTICLE XVI, 60
TX PROPERTY CODE 41.005	Page 3 of 3
TX CONSTITUTION, ARTICLE XVI, 50 TX PROPERTY CODE 41.005 TXDOHA2.MSC 10/29/18
E		(name of principal signer).
LOAN AGREEMENT ADDENDUM
THIS LOAN AGREEMENT ADDENDUM is made this 4th day of	September 2024	, and
is incorporated by and into and shall be deemed to amend and supplement any and all documents constituting the "Loan Agreement" as defined by Section 26,02 of the Texas Business & Commerce Code by and between
("Borrower") and
CITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING, A CORPORATION
("Lender")
of the same date and covering the property located at: 5981 Hudson Sail Circle, Fort Worth, Texas 76179
In addition to the covenants made in the Loan Agreement, Borrower and Lender further covenant and agree as follows:
1.	The rights and obligations of Borrower and Lender shall be determined solely from the written Loan Agreement and any prior oral agreements between Lender and Borrower are superseded by and merged into the Loan Agreement.
2.	The Loan Agreement may not be varied by any oral agreements or discussions that occur before, contemporaneously with, or subsequent to the execution of the Loan Agreement.
3.	A Loan Agreement in which the amount involved in the Loan Agreement exceeds $50,000 in value is not enforceable unless the agreement is in writing and signed by the Borrower of the agreement or the Borrower's authorized agent.
4.	The following Notice is provided pursuant to Section 26.02 of the Texas Business & Commerce Code:
THIS WRITTEN LOAN AGREEMENT REPRESENTS THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES.
LENDER:	CITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING
By:
Its:
#OocMagic
TEXAS LOAN AGREEMENT ADDENDUM TEX. BUS. & COM. CODE § 26.02 TXLAA.MSC 07/14/20
NOTICE OF PENALTIES FOR MAKING FALSE OR MISLEADING STATEMENT
Date:	September 4, 2024
Provided By: CITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING (NMLS # 144549)
Borrower(s):
Property Address:
WARNING: Intentionally or knowingly making a materially false or misleading written statement to obtain property or credit, including a mortgage loan, is a violation of Section 32.32, of the Texas Penal Code, and, depending on the amount of the loan or value of the property, is punishable by imprisonment for a term of 2 years to 99 years and a fine not to exceed $10,000.
I/We, the undersigned home loan applicant(s), represent that I/we have received, read, and understand this notice of penalties for making a materially false or misleading written statement to obtain a home loan.
I/We represent that all statements and representations contained in my/our written home loan application, including statements or representations regarding mv/our identity, employment, annual income, and intent to occupy the residential real property secured by the home loan, are true and correct as of the date of loan closing.

TX Finance Code 343.105 TX FINANCE CODE S 343.105 TXNOP.MSC 10/30/18
The State of -TEXAS 			 ,
County of Tarrant	 ,
Before me,	~ -		(_	: \v- ■ C'-o f\—:	
(here insert the name and character of the notarizing officer)
on this day personally appearec		
known to me (or proved to me on the oath of	
or through		i.,.( \		— .			)
(description of identity card or other document)
to be the person whose name is subscribed to the foregoing instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she executed the same for the purposes and consideration therein expressed.
Given under my hand and seal of office this _J	day of -^'v tr^c- qA-a. ■—~'\		
Loan Qrjc Loan Orif
CHIQUITA WILLIAMS Notary ID #132744137 My Commission Expires October 23, 2028
inator: inator <

(SEAL)
°rgea^izali5n:r C^lvIr'Beac^^oPtgag^LLc! NMLSR ID 1434247
’ ■ rffti <fk iflii ifSA A—A.A A
TEXAS NOTICE OF PENALTIES FOR MAKING FALSE OR MISLEADING STATEMENT	■ftDocMagic
TX Finance Code 343.105 TX FINANCE CODE S 343.105 TXNOP.MSC 10/30/18
To be completed by the Lender: CITADEL SERVICING CORPORATION DBA ACRA LENDING
Lender Loan No./Unlversal Loan Identifier 7505337 / 254900E6AIE4Z8YQM970-7505337-8 lgHnry Case No	
Uniform Residential Loan Application
Verify and complete the Information on this application. If you are applying for this loan with others, each additional Borrower must provide Information as directed by your Lender.	
Section 1: Borrower Information. This section asks about your personal information and your Income from employment and other sources, such as retirement, that you want considered to qualify for this loan.
1a. Personal Information
Name (First, Middle, Last, Suffix)
E
Alternate Names - List any names by which you are known or any names
Social Security Number		065-56-2137	
(or Individual Taxpayer Identification Number)
Date of Birth	Citizenship
fmm/dd/yyyy)	® U.s. citizen
10/08/1966	0 Permanent Resident Allen
O Non-Permanent Resident Allen
Type of Credit	List Name(s) of Other Borrowers) Applying for this Loan
® l am applying for Individual credit.	(First, Middle, Last, Suffix)
O I am applying forjolnt credit. Total Number of Borrowers:	
Marital Status O Married O Separated © Unmarried*
* Single, Divorced, Widowed, Civil Union, Domestic Partnership, Registered Reciprocal Beneficiary Relationship
Dependents (not listed by another Borrower) Number-—?	
Ages	
Contact Information
Home Phone Cell Phone Work Phone
(702) 266-6358 (702) 266-6358
Ext.
Email.
tr@teddyrlley.com
Each Borrower Intends to apply for joint credit. Vow Initials:	
nit), Fort Worth	state TX Tip 76126	pnimti-y United States
How Lona at Current Address? 2	Years 3	Months Housing O No primary housing expense	O Own © Rent ($30,000.00/month)
If at Current Address for LESS than 2 years, list Former Address		Ph Does not apply Unit #
City	State	Zlo.	Counfrv	
How Long at Former Address?	Years	Months Housing O No primary housing expense O Own O Rent ($	/month)	
Mailing Address - if different from Current Address Street 			□ Does not apply Unit it
Current Address
Unit #
State.
Zip.
City.
Employer or Business Name TRXPERIENCE, LLC	Phone strant 6655 W. SAHARA	n„it*B113		Gross Monthly Income Base	$	/month
City Las Vegas	StateNV Zip 89146country United States		Overtime $	/month
Position or Title Managing Member		Check if this statement applies: I | I am employed by a family member, property seller, real estate agent, or other party to the transaction.	
Start Date 08/19/2016	(mm/dd/yyyy) How Iona in this line of work? 7	Years'* Months		Commissions $	/month Military Entitlements $	/month
0 Check If you are the Business	O I have an ownership share of less than 25%.Monthly Income (or Loss) Owner or Self-Emploveri	© I havn an ownarship sham nf ?fi% nr mnrdS 20,524.88		Other	$	/month TOTAL	$	/month
Employer or Business Name TR MUSIC GROUP	Phone Street 6655 W, Sahara Ave	unit*6113		Gross Monthly Income Base	$	/month
City Las Vegas	StateNV zip 89146countrv United States		Overtime $	/month
	Check if this statement applies: □ I am employed by a family member, property seller, real estate agent, or other party to the transaction.	
Start Date 08/27/2010	(mm/dd/yyyy) How long in this line of work? *4 Years	Months		Commissions $	/month Military Entitlements $	/month
O Check If you are the Business	© I have an ownership share of less than 25%.Monthly Income (or Loss) Owner or Self-Employed	O I have an ownership share of 25% or more$ 1 8,1 63.48		Other	$	/month TOTAL	$	/month
1c. IF APPLICABLE, Complete Information for Additional Employmont/Solf Employment and Income
* Alimony	* Child Support	* Interest and Dividends	* Notes Receivable	* Royalty Payments	* Unemployment Benefits
* Aulomoblle Allowance	* Disability	* Mortgage Credit Certificate	* Publlo Assistance	* Separate Maintenance	* VA Compensation
* Boarder Income	* Foster Care	* Mortgage Differential	* Retirement	* Social Security	* Other
* Capital Gains	* Housing or Parsonage	Payments	(e.g., Pension IRA)	* Trust	
NOTE: Reveal alimony, child support, separate maintenance, or other income ONLY IF you want it considered in determining your qualification for this loan.
Section 2: Financial Information - Assets and Liabilities. This section asks about things you own that are worth
money and that you want considered to qualify for this loan. It then asks about your liabilities (or debts) that you pay each month, such as credit cards, alimony, or other expenses.			
2a. Assets - Bank Accounts, Retirement, and Other Accounts You Have
Account Type - use list above	Financial Institution	Account Number	Cash or Market Value
GhecKing	City National Bank	686020045	1	767,598.00
Include all accounts below. Under Account Type, choose from the types listed here:
*	Checking	* Certificate of Deposit	* Stock Options	* Bridge Loan Proceeds	* Trust Account
*	Savings	* Mutual Fund	* Bonds	* Individual Development	Account * Cash Value of	Life Insurance
*	Money Market 'Stocks	' Retirementfe.gr., 401k, IRA)	(used for the transaction)
Include Income from other sources below. Under Income Source, choose from the sources listed here:
Account Type - use list above
I Financial Institution
Account Number
Provide TOTAL Amount Here
Cash or Market Value
1	767,598.00
2b. Other Assets You Have
□ Does not apply
Include all other assets and credits below. Under Asset or Credit Type, choose from the types listed here:
Assets	Credits
Asset or Credit Type - use list above	Cash or Market Value
Earnest Money	* 10,000.00
Provide TOTAL Amount Here	S	10,000.00
Proceeds from Real Estate	* Proceeds from Sale of Non-Real * Unsacured Borrowed Funds
Property to be sold on or before Estate Asset	* Other
closing	* Secured Borrowed Funds
*	Earnest Money
*	Employer Assistance
*	Lot Equity
* Relocation Funds	* Sweat Equity
* Rent Credit	* Trade Equity
2c. Liabilities - Credit Cards, Other Debits, and Leases that You Owe
□ Does not appty
Account Type -use list above	Company Name	Account Number	Unpaid Balance To be paid off at or before closing		Monthly Payment	
Installment	BK OF AMER	65010067157271	$	142,172.00	□	$	2,668.00
Installment	CHRYSLRCAP		30000279417821000	$	38,955,00	_□		$	830.00
List all tlabilities below (except real estate) and Include deferred payments,
* Revolving (e.g., credit cards) * Installmentfag,, car, student, persona!loans)
Under Account Type, choose from the types listed here:
Open 30-Day (balance paid monthly)	* Lease (not real estate)
Other
2d. Other Liabilities and Expenses
TO Does not apply
Include all other liabilities and expenses below. Choose from the types listed here:
' Alimony* Child Support * Separate Maintenance ‘Job Related Expenses 'Other
Monthly Payment
Section 3: Financial Information - Real Estate. This section asks you to list all properties you currently own and what you owe on them.	[3 I do not own any real estate
If you are refinancing, list the property you are refinancing FIRST.
3b. IF APPLICABLE, Complete Information for Additional Property
13 Does not apply
Section 4: Loan and Property Information. This section asks about the loan's purpose and the property you want to purchase or refinance.
4a. Loan and Property Information
Loan Amounts 1,440,000.00	 Loan Purpose ©Purchase O Refinance O Other	
Property Address Street 5981 Hudson Sail Circle	__
Unit #	City Fort Worth	State TX	Zip 76179
County Tarrant	Number of Units 1	Property Value $ 1,600,000.00
Occupancy ® Primary Residence O Second Home	O Investment Property
1.	Mixed-Use Property. If you will occupy the property, will you set aside space within the property to operate
your own business? (e.g., daycare facility, medical office, beauty/barber shop)	©NO O YES
2.	Manufactured Home. Is the property a manufactured homefe.g., a factory built dwelling built on a permanent chassis) © NO O YES
4b. Other New Mortgage Loans on the Property You are Buying or Refinancing
[3 Does not apply
4d. Gifts or Grants You Have Been Given or Will Receive for this Loan
0 Does not apply
Include all gifts and grants below. Under Source, choose from the sources listed here:
* Community Nonprofit	* Federal Agency	* Relative
* Employer	* Local Agency	* Religious Nonprofit
State Agency Unmarried Partner
*	Lender
*	Other
Section 5:
history.
5 a.	About tliis Property and Your Money for this Loan	
A.	Will you occupy the property as your primary residence? If YES, have you had an ownership Interest in another property In the last three years? If YES, complete (1) and (2) below: (1)	What type of property did you own: primary residence (PR), FHA secondary residence (SR), second home (SH), or investment property (IP)? (2)	How did you hold title to the property: by yourself (S), Jointly with your spouse (SP), or jointly with another person (0)?	0 NO © YES © NO 0 YES
B.	If this Is a Purchase Transaction: Do you have a family relationship or business affiliation with the seller of the property?	© NO 0 YES
C.	Are you borrowing any money for this real estate transaction (e.g., money for your closing costs or down payment) or obtaining any money from another party, such as the seller or realtor, that you have not disclosed on this loan application? If YES, what is the amount of this money?	© NO 0 YES $ ...
D.	1.	Have you or will you be applying for a mortgage loan on another property (not the property securing this loan) on or before closing this transaction that is not disclosed on this loan application? 2,	Have you or will you be applying for any new credit (e.g., installment loan, credit card, etc.) on or before closing this loan that is not disclosed on this application?	© NO 0 YES © NO 0 YES
E.	Will this property be subject to a lien that could take priority over the first mortgage lien, such as a clean energy lien paid through your property taxes (e.g., the Property Assessed Clean Energy Program)?	© NO O YES
f 5b.	About Your Finances	
F.	Are you a co-signer or guarantor on any debt or loan that is not disclosed on this application?	© NO 0 YES
G.	Are there any outstanding Judgments against you?	© NO O YES
H.	Are you currently delinquent or In default on a Federal debt?	© NO 0 YES
1.	Are you a party to a lawsuit in which you potentially have any personal financial liability?	© NO 0 YES
J.	Have you conveyed title to any properly In lieu of foreclosure in the past 7 years?	© NO 0 YES
K.	Within the past 7 years, have you completed a pre-foreclosure sale or short sale, whereby the property was sold to a third party and the Lender agreed to accept less than the outstanding mortgage balance due?	© NO 0 YES
L	Have you had property foreclosed upon In the last 7 years?	© NO 0 YES
M.	Have you declared bankruptcy within the past 7 years? If YES, Identify the type(s) of bankruptcy: □ Chapter7 □ Chapter 11	□ Chapter 12	□ Chapter 13	© NO 0 YES
Section 6: Acknowledgments and Agreements. This section (ells you about your legal obligations when you sign this application.
Definitions:
■	"Lender" Includes the Lender's agents, service providers, and any of their successors and assigns.
■	"Other Loan Participants" Includes (1) any actual or potential owners of a loan resulting from this application (the "Loan”), (li) acquirers of any beneficial or other interest In the Loan, (ill) any mortgage Insurer, (Iv) any guarantor, (v) any servicer of the Loan, and (vl) any of these parties' service providers, successors or assigns.
I agree to, acknowledge, and represent the following:
(1)	The Complete Information for this Application
■	The information I have provided In this application Is true, accurate, and complete as of the date I signed this application.
■	If the information I submitted changes or I have new information before closing of the Loan, I must change and supplement this application, Including providing any updated/supplemented real estate sales contract.
■	For purchase transactions: The terms and conditions of any real estate sales contract signed by me In connection with this application are true, accurate, and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief. I have not entered Into any other agreement, written or oral, in connection with this real estate transaction.
■	The Lender and Other Loan Participants may rely on the Information contained In the application before and after closing of the Loan.
■	Any intentional or negligent misrepresentation of Information may result In the Imposition of:
(a)	civil liability on me, Including monetary damages, If a person suffers any loss because the person relied on any misrepresentation that I have made on this application, and/or
(b)	criminal penalties on me Including, but not limited to, fine or imprisonment or both under the provisions of Federal law (18 U.S.C. §§ 1001 ef se'q.).
(2)	The Property’s Security
The Loan I have applied for in this application will be secured by a
mortgage or deed of trust which provides the Lender a security
Interest in the property described in this application.
(3)	The Property's Appraisal, Value, and Condition
■	Any appraisal or value of the property obtained by the Lender is for use by the Lender and Other Loan Participants.
■	The Lender and Other Loan Participants have not made any representation or warranty, express or Implied, to me about the property, Its condition, or Its value.
(4)	Electronic Records and Signatures
« The Lender and Other Loan Participants may keep any paper record and/or electronic record of this application, whether or not the Loan Is approved.
« if this application is created as (or converted into) an "electronic application", I consent to the use of"electronic records" and "electronic signatures" as the terms are defined in and governed by applicable Federal and/or state electronic transactions laws.
■	I intend to sign and have signed this application either using my:
(a)	electronic signature; or
(b)	a written signature and agree that if a paper version of this application is converted into an electronic application, the application will be an electronic record, and the representation of my written signature on this application will be my binding electronic signature.
■	I agree that the application, If delivered or transmitted to the Lender or Other Loan Participants as an electronic record with my electronic signature, will be as effective and enforceable as a paper application signed by me in writing.
(5)	Delinquency
■	The Lender and Other Loan Participants may report information about my account to credit bureaus. Late payments, missed payments, or other defaults on my account may be reflected in my credit report and will likely affect my credit score.
» If l have trouble making my payments I understand that I may contact a HUD-approved housing counseling organization for advice about actions I can take to meet my mortgage obligations.
(6)	Authorization for Use and Sharing of Information
By signing below, in addition to the representations and agreements made above, l expressly authorize the Lender and Other Loan Participants to obtain, use, and share with each other (i) the Loan application and related loan information and documentation, (li) a consumer credit report on me, and (iii) my tax return information, as necessary to perform the actions listed below, for so long as they have an Interest In my loan or its servicing:
(a)	process and underwrite my loan;
(b)	verify any data contained In my consumer credit report, my loan application and other Information supporting my loan application;
(c)	inform credit and Investment decisions by the Lender and Other Loan Participants;
(d)	perform audit, quality control, and legal compliance analysis and reviews;
(e)	perform analysis and modeling for risk assessments:
(f)	monitor the account for this loan for potential delinquencies and determine any assistance that may be available to me; and
(g)	other actions permissible under applicable law.
Borrower Signature

•fccl
Date (mm/dd/yyyy)
d^.Q^ZJOUf
Additional Borrower Signature
Date (mm/dd/yyyy)
☆ OocMagic
Acknowledgments and Agreements
Military Service of Borrower
Military Service - Did you (or your deceased spouse) erer serve, or are you currently serving, h the United States Armed Forces? © NO O YES If YES, check all that apply:	□ Currently serving on active duty with projected expiration date of service/tour 	(mm/dd/yyyy)
□	Currently retired, discharged, or separated from service
□	Only period of service was a non-actlvated member of the Reserve on National Guard
□	Surviving spouse
Section 8: Demographic Information. This section asks about your ethnicity, sex, and race.
Demographic Information of Borrower
The purpose of collecting this information is to help ensure that all applicants are treated falriy and that the housing needs of communities and neighborhoods are being fulfilled. For residential mortgage lending, Federal law requires that we ask applicants for their demographic Information (ethnicity, sex, and race) in order to monitor our compliance with equal credit opportunity, fair housing, and home mortgage disclosure laws. You are not required to provide this information, but are encouraged to do so. You may select one or more designations for ''Ethnicity'' and one or more designations for "Race." The law provides that we may not discriminate on the basis of this information, or on whether you choose to provide it. However, if you choose not to provide the information and you have made this application in person, Federal regulations require us to note your ethnicity, sex, and race on the basis of visual observation or surname. The law also provides that we may not discriminate on the basis of age or marital status information you provide In this application.
Instructions: You may select one or more "Hispanic or Latino" origins and one or more designations for” Race." If you do not wish to provide some or all of this Information, select the applicable check box.
Ethnicity	Race
□ Hispanic or Latino	0 American Indian or Alaska Native - Enter name of enrolled
□	Mexican □ F’uerto Rican □ Cuban	or principal tribe: United Tribe	
□	Other Hispanic or Latino - Enter origin:	□ Asian
□ Asian Indian Q Chinese □ Filipino
□ Japanese	Q Korean □ Vietnamese
□	Other Asian - Enter race: 	
Examples: Hmong, Laotian, Thai, Pakistani, Cambodian, etc.
□	Black or African American
□	Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander
□	Native Hawaiian □ Guamanian or Chamorro □ Samoan
□	Other Pacific Islander - Enter race:
Examples: Argentinean, Colombian, Dominican, Nicaraguan,
Salvadoran, Spaniard, etc.
(3 Not Hispanic or Latino
□	I do not wish to provide this information
Sex
Examples: Fijian, Tongan, etc.
□	Female [x] Male
To Be Completed by Financial Institution (for application taken In person): Was the ethnicity of the Borrower collected on the basis of visual observation or surname? Was the sex of the Borrower collected on the basis of visual observation or surname? Was the race of the Borrower collected on the basis of visual observation or surname?	0 NO 0 NO 0 NO	0 YES 0 YES O YES
The Demographic Information was provided through: □ Face-to-Face Interview (includes Bectronic Media w/Video Component) □ Telephone Interview	□ Fax	or Mail 0 Email or Internet
□	White
□	I do not wish to provide this information
□	I do not wish to provide this Information
Loan Originator Information
Loan Originator Organization Name Caliver Beach Mortgage LLC	
Address 500 Redland Court Suite 300, Owings Mills. Maryland 21117	
Loan Originator Organization NMLSR ID U 1434247	State License ID #		
Loan Originator Name Drew Hittner Hittner	
Loan Originator NMLSR ID # 1722921	State License ID # ...None	
Email drewhtajcaliverbeach.com	Phone (480) 405-0893
Signature
Date (mm/dd/yyyy). 09/04/2024
Uniform Residential Loan Application - Unmarried Addendum
For Borrower Selecting the Unmarried Status
Lenders Instructions for Using the Unmarried Addendum
The Lender may use the Unmarried Addendum only when a Borrower selected "Unmarried" In Section 1 and the information collected is necessary to determine how State property laws directly or indirectly affecting creditworthiness apply, including ensuring clear title,
For example, the Lender may use the Unmarried Addendum when the Borrower resides in a State that recognizes civil unions, domestic partnerships, or registered reciprocal beneficiary relationships or when the "property Is located in such a State. "State" means any state, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, or any territory or possession of the United States.
If you selected "Unmarried" In Section 1, Is there a person who is not your legal spouse but who currently has real properly rights similar to those of a legal spouse? O NO 0 YES
If YES, Indicate the type of relationship and the State in which the relationship was formed. For example, Indicate if you are In a civil union, domestic partnership, registered reciprocal beneficiary relationship, or other relationship recognized by the State in which you currently reside or where the property is located.
0 Civil Union O Domestic Partnership O Registered Reciprocal Beneficiary Relationship O Other (explain) 	
State: 	
Uniform Residential Loan Application - Lender Loan information
This section Is completed by your Lender.
□
□
Refinance Type O No Cash Out O Limited Cash Out O Cash Out
Community Property State
0 At least one borrower lives in a community property state. (D The property is in a community property state.
Transaction Detail
□ Conversion of Contract for Deed or Land Contract Renovation
Constructlon-Conversion/Construction-to-Permanent O Single-Closing O Two-Closing
Construction/lmprovement Costs $ 	
Lot Acquired Date 	(mm/dd/yyyy)
Original Cost of Lot $	
Refinance Program O Full Documentation O Interest Rate Reduction O Streamlined without Appraisal O Other	
Energy Improvement
□	Mortgage loan will finance energy-related improvements.
□	Property is currently subject to a lien that could take priority over the first mortgage lien, such as a clean energy lien paid through property taxes (e.g., the Property Assessed Clean Energy program).
LI. Property and Loan Information
L2. Title Information		
Title to the Property Will be Held in What Name(s): E		For Refinance: Title to the Property is Currently Held In What Name(s):
Estate Will be Held In © Fee Simple 0 Leasehold Expiration Date 	(mm/dd/yyyy) Manner In Which Title Will be Held 0 Sole Ownership	0 Joint Tenancy with Right of Survivorship 0 Life Estate	0 Tenancy by the Entirety 0 Tenancy in Common © Other		Trust Information 0 Title Will be Held by an Inter Vivos (Living) Trust 0 Title Will be Held by a Land Trust Indian Country Land Tenure 0 Fee Simple On a Reservation O Individual Trust Land (Allotted/Restricted) 0 Tribal Trust Land On a Reservation 0 Tribal Trust Land Off Reservation 0 Alaska Native Corporation Land
Project Type □ Condominium □ Cooperative [X] Planned Unit Development (PUD) □ Property is not located In a project
L3. Mortgage Loan Information		
Mortgage Type Applied For ® Conventional	0 USDA-RD 0 FHA	0 VA	0 Other:		.					Terms of Loan	Mortgage Lien Type Note Rate	8.999	%	© First Lien Loan Term 360	(months) 0 Subordinate Lien
Amortization Type ® Fixed Rate	0 Other (explain)'. 0 Adjustable Rate if Adjustable Rate: Initial Period Prior to First Adjustment	(months) Subsequent Adjustment Period	(months) Loan Features □	Balloon/Balloon Term	(months) □	Interest Only/lnterest Only Term	(months) □	Negative Amortization □	Prepayment Penalty/Prepayment Penalty Term	(months) □	Temporary Interest Rate BuydowrVInitial Buydown Rate	% □	Other (explain): .		Proposed Monthly Payment for Property First Mortgage (P& 1)	$	111685.53 Subordinate Lien(s) (P& 1)	$ Homeowner's Insurance	$	566.17 Supplemental Property Insurance	$	187.49 Property Taxes	$	1,714.92 Mortgage Insurance	$ Associatlon/Project Dues (Condo, Co-Op, PUD)	$	144.00 Other	$ TOTAL	$	14,196.11
DUE FROM BORROWERS)		
A. Sales Contract Price	$	1,600,000.00
B. Improvements, Renovations, and Repairs	$	0.00
C. Land (if acquired separately)	$	0.00
D. For Refinance: Balance of Mortgage Loans on the Property to be paid off in the Transaction (See Table 3a. Property You Own)	$	0.00
E. Credit Cards and Other Debts Paid Off (See Table 2c. Liabilities - Credit Cards, Other Debts, and Leases that You Owe)	$	0.00
F. Borrower Closing Costs (including Prepaid and Initial Escrow Payments)	$	133,553.04
G. Discount Points	$	0.00
H. TOTAL DUE FROM BORROWER(s) (Total of A thru G)	$	1,733,553.04
TOTAL MORTGAGE LOANS		
I. Loan Amount Loan Amount Excluding Financed Mortgage Insurance (or Mortgage Insurance Equivalent) $	1,440,000.00 Financed Mortgage Insurance (or Mortgage Insurance Equivalent) Amount $	0.00	$	1,440,000.00
J. Other New Mortgage Loans on the Property the Borrower(s) Is Buying or Refinancing (See Table 4b. Other New Mortgage Loans on the Property You are Buying or Refinancing)	$	0.00
K. TOTAL M ORTGAGE LOANS (Total of 1 and J)	$	1,440,000.00
TOTAL CREDITS		
L Seller Credits (Enter the amount of Borrower(s) costs paid by the property seller)	$	87,720.39
M. Other Credits (Enter the sum of all other credits - Borrower Paid Fees, Earnest Money, Employer Assisted Housing, Lease Purchase Fund, Lot Equity, Relocation Funds, Sweat Equity, Trade Equity, Other)	$	24,650.00
N. TOTAL CREDITS (Total of L and M)	$	112,370.39
CALCULATION		
TOTAL DUE FROM BORROWER^) (Une H)	$	1,733,553.04
LESS TOTAL MORTGAGE LOANS (Line K) AND TOTAL CREDITS (Une N)	■$	1,552,370.39
Cash From/To the Borrower (Une H minus Une K and Une N) NOTE: This amount does not Include reserves or other funds that may be required by the Lender to be verified.	$	181,182.65
Conditional Loan Approval			
It Is a pleasure to Inform you that your loan has been approved subject to the conditions listed below.			
| Lender -.7':. ■. "'.fy-			
Callver Beach Mortgage LLC		Date:	09/03/2024	
500 Redland Court Suite 300		File Name:	7505337	
Owings Mills, MD 21117		Loan Officer:	Drew Hittner Hittner	
		Processor:	Julie Johnson	
Phone:	(410)753-0177	Fax:	Underwriter:	Suzanne Duong	
Subject Property		|Borrowefs	~ T " ^ :	— I
Address:	5981 Hudson Sail Circle		Borrower:	
Fort Worth, TX 76179		Co-Borrower:	
Type:	PUD			
| Loan Information	-.i	'-'-v-■ ■	|			
Loan Program:	DSI_CONV - ALL FIXED LOANS		Sales Price/Value:	$ 1,600,000.00
Mortgage Type:	Conventional		Appraised Value:	$ 1,600,000.00
Loan Purpose:	Purchase		Base Loan Amount:	$1,440,000.00
Lock Exp. Date:	09/30/2024		Total Loan Amount:	$1,440,000.00
Occupancy:	Primary Residence		LTV:	90.000 %	
Note Rate:	8.999 %	Qualifying Rate:	8,999 %		CLTV:	90.000 %	
Term:	360 months		HCLTV: 90.000 %	
Cleared : No. Type	Condition		
08/28/2024	4101 PTD	The following conditions must be provided upfront and PRIOR to Acra Lending review of any additional conditions.		
	1) Previous 12 mos bank statements for TR Music Group (City National Bank # 0045 ) to verify Income pattern.		
	** Subject to additional conditions and requal/reprice		
08/28/2024	4105 PTD	BROKER - All doc expiration dates must have a minimum of 8 days remaining from the day that ALL other PTDs are cleared by UW; Broker to submit updated Items along with final PTDs. "Refer to Expiration Dates section listed on Approval.		
08/26/2024	4209 PTD	Verification of Rent covering the last 12 months.
1)	Legible copy of twelve (12) months canceled checks (front and back) or money orders amount of checks / money orders must be consistent and match the amount of monthly rent reflected on the 1003. OR
2)	Bank Statements for the last twelve (12) months which consistently show payment made for rent amount.
3)	Verification of Rent (VOR) or a rating from credit reporting agency if from rental agency
** 08/22/24 * Reecv VOR from Lee's Elite Enterprise.
- Document to support that Lee's Elite Enterpirse Is the property manager for s/p owner: John Lupo
08/26/2024	4300	PTD	Picture identification (drivers license/passport) and copy of social security card or fully executed SSA-89 results (SSA-89 requires original signature and date) - Document number, issue and expiration dates must be legible
08/26/2024	4400	PTD	Complete original appraisal with interior/exterior photos of subject & comps ordered through CSC approved AMC. "If Manufactured Home, Form 1004C required. PDF and XML format required. If appraisal was ordered after Acras Intent to Proceed date, broker to obtain and provide the appraisal invoice from the AMC. If the appraisal was completed prior to Acra submission date, Acra attestation section of the submission form must be completed OR a processor cert stating that the appraisal was ordered within TRID compliance will be required. ALL ITEMS ABOVE TO BE PROVIDED CONCURRENTLY "CSC will determine requirement of an Interior BPO after review of the appraisal**
08/26/2024	4402	PTD	Desk Review required; Acra lending will order. Additional conditions may apply. ‘Note: There is no borrower cost associated with the Desk Review.
08/26/2024	4410	PTD	**8/22/24 Satisfactory Flood Certification & Determination (to be pulled by Acra). File is subject to flood insurance policy if deterrninedto be in a flood zone. Additional conditions may apply.
** First time Home Buyer guidelines apply
Signature:	fDate:
08/22/2024	4500	PTD	Full Alta 2006, 2016 Preliminary Title Report or ALTA Extended Policy (7-1-21) with 24 month chain of title and plat map/survey.
08/26/2024	4501	PTD	Provide Settlement Statement from closing agent "Must Include all pages and show the most updated fees
08/26/2024	4509	PTD	NEW CONSTRUCTION: Provide Certificate of Occupancy/Completlon from local municipality.
08/22/2024	4514	PTD	Provide a 3rd party Tax Cert that includes all Property Taxing Entities (City, County, Municipal Utility District (MUD), School, Borough, Township, etc.) and Mlllage rate. Tax Cert/TCD Report in file does not contain all taxing entities. "Required if subject property is in New Jersey, Pennsylvania or Texas.
08/22/2024	4515	PTD	Title to provide Survey. If Survey is not current, older survey (within 10 years) and affidavit may be provided. T-19 Endorsement will be required on all Texas loans, Additional conditions may apply.
08/22/2024	4600	PTD	Proof of self-employment for the last two years to include ownership percentage of Applicant(s) of their company (if not 100% owned by Appllcant(s) include list of all other entitles with greater than or equal to 10% interest and those parties ownership percentages). If using Tax Preparers Letter, MUST be on tax preparers letterhead, signed and dated and Include the following: (I) tax preparer's relationship to the business; (ii) personal knowledge of the length of time the business has been in existence; and (iii) percentage of borrowers ownership in the business entity. Tax preparer MUST provide their license verification from municipal, state or federal licensing boards or proof of their business existence.
08/16/2024	4601	PTD	Borrower to provide signed LOE on the name of their business, how It Is set up (Inc., LLC, etc), what their business does and the number of employees.
08/26/2024	4700	PTD	Closing asset documentation: 1) Two most recent months of Personal bank statements verifying sufficient liquid assets for closing. 2)	An image of the $1 OK EMD payment, bank statement showing check cleared or copy of wire receipt with borrower name and bank info 3)	An escrow deposit receipt.
08/22/2024	4705	PTD	Business funds from acct#0045 and acct$5156 is used for down payment and or closing cost, provide: — Signed/dated letter from the borrower regarding use of business funds for closing costs and/or down payment will not adversely affect the business operations. —Proof Sole owner of the
08/26/2024	4708	PTD	Most recent two months personal asset statements for reserve requirement, 6 months PITIA reserves for > 75% LTV up to 85% LTV, 12 months PITIA reserves for > 85% LTV. "Will be reviewed for clearance by UW once file is In underwriting for CTC
0B/22/2024	4709	PTD	Complete Copy of Trust Agreement for TRX Dynasty Express Trust verifying borrower is the exclusive trustee/beneflclary.
08/16/2024	4900	PTD	Provide purchase contract with all addenda and counter offers, fully executed by buyer and seller. Any changes made to the document are to be initiated by all parties.
08/16/2024	4901	PTD	Provide fully executed addendum(a)/counteroffer Sales Price $1.6M and seller contribution $40K
08/16/2024	4904	PTD	Provide evidence Individual signing as seller on the contract is an authorized signer for selling entity * MEY-LING PAURI for Our Country Homes "
08/26/2024	4909	PTD	Max contributions to buyers Recurring and Non-Recurring Closing Costs are 3% or 6% If LTV is equal or less than 65% & owner occupied and the dollar amount does not exceed the total of all Recurring and Non-Recurring Closing Costs. Business Purpose Loans are limited to 3% Seller credit at all LTVs
	6012	PTF	If closing funds are coming from same personal account that Is being used for reserves, provide online bank account activity ledger after closing funds have cleared the account to document that the reserve amount still meets requirements.
	8001	PTF	Standard Requirements: 1. All property taxes to be paid current In escrow; 2. Loan to be Impounded for taxes/lnsurance; 3. Receipt and review of the above conditions may result in a change of terms or additional conditions; 4. Post disaster inspection in the event of a natural disaster impacting the property; 5. File to be reviewed by funding department prior to funding with alerts issued for any missing or incorrect items 6. Broker owned/controlled/operated escrow/closlng companies are not permitted. Except as otherwise provided by law, Acra Lending shall not be obligated or required to disperse funds until such time as funder confirms receipt of all funds to close
	8009	PTF	BROKER - ALL document expiration dates must remain CURRENT through funding (SEE DATES ABOVE); Broker to submit updated items along with Anal PTF conditions.
	8010	PTF	Max contributions to buyers Recurring and Non-Recurring Closing Costs are 3% or 6% If LTV is equal or less than 65% & owner occupied and the dollar amount does not exceed the total of all Recurring and Non-Recurring Closing Costs. Business Purpose Loans are limited to 3% Seller credit at all LTVs
	8105	PTF	Signed Final 1003 - Copy of Final 1003 provided with Loan Docs signed/dated by Borrower(s) and Loan Officer. NOTE: E-signatures will be accepted from brokers; Borrowers must wet sign
	8205	PTF	Warranty Deed - Settlement Agent to provide a CERTIFIED copy of the fully executed Warranty Deed. OR Quit Clalm/lnterspousal Transfer Deed - Settlement Agent to provide a CERTIFIED copy of the fully executed Quit Claim Deed from Non-Borrowing Spouse.
	8206	PTF	Funds to Close - Settlement Agent to provide a copy of Borrower’s Funds to Close with Receipt. NOTE: 1. All deposits must be able to be sourced from approved accts.
	8211	PTF	DOT/Mqftga'ge - Settlement Agent to provide CERTIFIED copy of the signed Deed of Trust/Mortgage
Signature:	-t^	r~i \}UJ	Date: b <? • OH-ZtT-'f
	8220	PTF	Seller - Settlement Agent to provide a CERTIFIED copy of seller signed CD or ALTA Statement.
	8300	PTF	Pat. Act - USA Patriot Act Customer Identification Verification must be completed by the notary signing the Borrowers) and include 2 forms of identification.
	8301	PTF	TX loans: lenders T-64 executed by all parties (lenders copy of T-64 executed, title T-64 cannot replace)
	8303	PTF	Closing Inst. - Lender’s Closing Instructions (3 parts) -Signed by all parties: 1. General Closing Instructions (signed by Settlement Agent) 2. Specific Closing Instructions (signed/dated by Borrower(s) and Settlement Agent) 3. Addendum(s) to Closing Instructions (signed/dated by Settlement Agent) NOTE: Settlement Agent must execute Instructions without modification.
	8400	PTF	the following items for review: 1. Copy of entire fully executed Acra Lending Closing Document Package. NOTE: Copies of the NOTE and Mortgage (Deed) must be CERTIFIED. 2. CERTIFIED copy of fully executed Warranty (Grant) Deed. 3. CERTIFIED copy of Fully executed Final CD. 4. Fully executed Final Typed 1003. 5. Copies of all Funds deposited by Borrower for Closing. NOTE: All deposits must be able to be sourced from UW approved accounts. 6. Any outstanding PTF Conditions listed on the Prior to Funding Condition List for Wet Stale.
	8401	PTF	Do not disburse funds without the funders authorization
	8403	PTF	Acra Lending requires proof of recelpt/tracking number to the original signed loan documents. Must be delivered 24 hours after the close.
08/28/2024	15002	AM - CD/DOC	Broker to confirm loan fees on Fee Validation email sent by Account Manager, ‘terms must match current approval
08/28/2024	15003	AM - CD/DOC	Settlement Agent Contact Information and Settlement Statement reflecting fees to be disclosed on CD ‘Combined Buyer/Seller statement required for Purchases; terms must match approval
08/26/2024	15006	AM - CD/DOC	Borrower must acknowledge receipt of all valuation Items (Appraisal(s), Appraisal Analysis, BPO (If applicable). "Lender will disclose Appraisal to borrower.
08/21/2024	15014	AM - CD/DOC	Purchase Contract Llsting/Selling agenl information: Must show State Licensing informatlon/License number, name, address, phone number and email for agent and agents office. If contract does not show this information it must be provided by separate method.
08/23/2024	16002	AM - PTD	Acra Lending Signed Notice of Intent to Proceed with Loan Application form or email notification of borrower's Intent to Proceed.
08/23/2024	16003	AM - PTD	Closlng/Settlement Agent must be either (1) a major title company or (2) underwritten by a major title company 1. Acra TM to obtain Agent Verification upon receipt of the following: Wire Instructions to Include one specific loan Identifier (ie; title order ft, borrower's name, loan number or subject address). In addition, CPL and Title Loss Payee to reflect Citadel Servicing Corp. dba Acra Lending, ISAOA/ATIMA - 3 Ada Parkway #200A, Irvine, CA 92618/ loan #/ borrower name. CPL Cleared Title co needs to be approved with Funding Shield
08/21/2024	16005	AM - PTD	1. Broker to provide credit report invoice 2. Broker to provide appraisal invoice(s)
08/22/2024	16006	AM - PTD	Fully Executed Acra Authorization for Automatic Mortgage Payment form AND copy of a voided check/bank print out with acct#/ABA# *ACH is required for loans closing in an Entity; If loan Is not closing in the name of an Entity, the form must still be completed to elect yes (with voided check or stmt) or no and sign/dated. A $250 credit will be applied at funding to non-entity loans with ACH set up. 8/21 acct # does not appear to match the statements we have in the file
08/21/2024	16007	AM - PTD	Vesting to be provided to show exact way borrower(s) will take title. This will be used to draw loan documents
08/21/2024	16008	AM - PTD	If the borrower Is using a POA (Power of Attorney), all items listed must be satisfied: 1. Executed copy of Specific POA (can not accept Durable POA). If signed outside of US, must be executed at US Embassy 2. Title to acknowledge they have reviewed and approved POA; that POA will be recorded concurrently with the Security Instrument; that they will provide a recorded copy of the POA to Acra Lending 3. Relationship letter and explanation for reason using POA 4, Copy of ID for Attorney in Fact (may not be a party to the transaction)
08/21/2024	16011	AM - PTD	Hazard Insurance coverage equal to replacement or guaranteed replacement cost. Max deductible 5.0% of the face value of the dwelling coverage amount, but no more than $50,000.12 months paid coverage required on purch, 6 on refl. If subject Is a rental, 6 months gross rental Income rent loss Insurance coverage will be required If rental income is being used to qualify. At minimum, Rent loss coverage should be to the lessor of (a) PITIA or (b) rent received/scheduled. "If the perils of Wind or Windstorm are excluded from policy coverage, a separate policy of coverage for Wind or Windstorm, must be provided. Hazard Insurance must be current and show loss payable to Citadel Servicing Corporation dba Acra Lending, ISAOA/ATIMA, PO Box 29411, Phoenix, AZ 85038-9411. Policy should reference the loan number, borrowers name and address. Only the borrowers on the loan and on title can be named on the hazard Insurance policy.
08/21/2024	16013	AM - PTD	Flood Insurance coverage equal to loan amount (or $250,000 generally is the max), 100% replacement or guaranteed replacement cost, Max deductible 2,50% of the face value of the dwelling coverage amount, but no more than $5000.12 months paid coverage required on purch, 6 on refl. Flood insurance must be current and show loss payee as Citadel Servicing Corporation dba Acra Lending, ISAOA/ATIMA, PO Box 29411, Phoenix, AZ 85036-9411. Policy should reference the loan number, borrowers name and address. Only the borrowers on the loan and on title can be named on the flood Insurance policy. 8/21 city on property address does not match what is I n the system loan # Is incorrect
Signature: *5^'	<l edt	oa/^ ril	«pj|lr	Date:	Q<\‘Oi-70^ Pag© 3 of 3	3 Ada Parkway Suite 200A, Irvine, CA9261B